worry about your aqirat who will be left there only god
i am your fan in bangladesh please call sallu bhai met you +8801719447771 call bhai
your movie will be flop .... ungrateful..
mother father and kids party how is everyone else
what have you thought about marraige
i know that if you marry her then she will never let you talk to me i know today she needs me that's why she's giving me so much importance
and she is a good girl
you like someone else now you can't stay in one place
bhaijan i am your very big fan i love you bhaijan i am there till bhaijan is there
salman g my love is just to you
what did you say sallu bhaijaan
hello bhai once please answer me bhai
salman bhai only earning fame does not matter. remember khuda sometimes. mahe ramzan is a very holy month of pak and tauba. please pray bhaijaan
salmaan bhai i said hi you didn't answer
sarukh and amir khan are failures in front of you
mortath is kafir you salman kanjr
you are traitor salman knjr marwary k btty
salman sir when will you come to london please come once i want to meet u once in life u are one in a million sir
salman give me answer once yaar
salmaan you are like us please say something once
salman khan ji you looking awesome i love you salman i cannot tell you how big a fan i am of yours
salman khan nice
time for saheri is not over yet and azaan is also left
i cannot understand what to do i am sleepy but namaaz is very important 
do you or do you not pray after reading namaaz
or do you just wake up in the morning and start exercise
i sleep late at night abba came late
my favourite is sallu
hello congratulations for jumma
salman khan sir is ready for today's party
the person who has knowledge is the richest.
anjana dhamodharan hi sweetheart you are looking very nice
how are you my friend how are you
real hero sallu bhai
bhai please nominate me
bhai remember me in your prayers
bhai you are bollywood king you call yourself bajrangi bhaijaan this does not feel nice in Eid lots of sms are coming you demean your own religion is this good?
bhai can i get your mobile number my mobile number is 9662821362
bhai how are you
thanks for clean india movement
pray whole heartedly in the month of ramzan
bhai love you ... i want to meet you once in life .. please bhai read this message .. please by calling me once .. make my life full of happiness
get married
you are salman
hello vai jan
you are welcome saluu
can i speak to you sometime on fb
Mr. Khan i have heard all your sayings and i have followed them. Trust me. 
Ok boss your command is on my eyes
you have kept naam2 for me
i open my clothes, looking at my body, girls start wearing clothers till their collars. to teach them that i will open my clothes.
bhai you can assume bajrangi bhaijaan is a hit
i don't know when my drowsiness went
let's go there's no need to smile so much
baby i love you i will also meet you till my last breath you will reply sometime
salman i love you a lot and i want to meet uh ... please meet me or chat with me please i love you
sir please come to london
you are looking handsome salman brother miss you ...
what bhai jaan
if you have told the media that you will make bajrangi bhaijaan a hit without muslims then you are a fool
what salman bhadve
hello congratulations bhaijaan .. call us to your home on eid sometime .. just joking .. may God always bless you, blessings of allah, may Ganeshji's hand be on your head, under the wings of Vaheguruji may you progress, all Gods with you always 
get married bhai it is a good opportunity
salman khan criminal.
what a look bhai jaan
what happened you alcohol why is your face so sad
i am friend of salman
salman bhai means rockstar
there is only one bhai salman bhai
bajrangi bhai talk to me also sometime ... 
yes all you people only tie rakhi .. amazing girls these are!
i love you too so much salman khan
hey sir i am a very big fan of yours
i wish i didn't love you
my salman khan
nice pic how do you look so handsome
bhai jaan will remain bhai jaan and no one can copy him yes or no friends
hello ji how are you i am ramu kuma
sir why don't you pay attention please
today's party is from my side nice song bhaijaan
good nigth sir ... capil comedy .. i came and i liked it a lot .. good night sir
there is fun in the environment everyone sat down tired but our party is going on @@feeling happy with the salmaan@@ coming soon bajrangi bhaijan on this @eid@@
bhai look near me sometime you will forget yourself
salman khan sir's songs are amazing
do not slander the name of muslims salman bhai regardless of what else you do there is no tension
sallu bhai
hi bhaijaan how are you .. your pic is looking very nice
i am your very big fan
love you salman khan
bhai your bhaijaan movie will also earn 200 cr
song for congratulations of eid should also be there in bajrangi bhaijaan
looking killer attitude
sallu bhai when will you release dabangg 3
the whole world dies for salman khan
sallo bhai ho are you
you are not muslim because you go to the temple you are kadiyani salman
dashing salman khan .. 
congratulations for the month of ramzan to you  .. and may allah tala give you more success
indian's star salmankhan
if you weren't there then there would be no fun in bollywood
may my life be given to you bhaijaan this is my wish
salman if you are so strong then don't release a film on ied then let's see. Let's see how your film is hit.
salman bhai there are comments coming on bajrangi bhaijaan i won't watch this movie
saale salman you are against muslims you will fall
salman bhai by the grace of God you are a good actor, a good human are you a good muslim
salman is always kind hearted i feel disgusted by the thinking of people who compare hindu and muslims 
salman bai how are you i am also your fan
remove khan from your name
i want to talk to you bhai. i am in a very big problem. i want your help
very amazing bhai jan 
nice bhai whatsaap number 03101419966 please
long live salman khan 
Nice pic abdul rashid saleem (salman khan)
BHAI. BHAI... nice pic
sir when you run humanbieng you give money till you are there. i will show you a way though which everyone will become a millionaire.
bhai your charity so me allho pyyr keep pas he you are making a mistake being muslim khuda hafi
salman ji i want to meet you once in your life ... i want to talk to you .. thank you so much for helping people .. may you live long
i don't know if boys with your name are diban
sirji .. please visit Kanpur once please
salman really good friend
bhai's zalak is different from everyone else .. I am superman who is a fan of salman
when a man becomes successful he forgets his religion. when they suffer, then they realize their mistake. salman's story is something like this
son salman your film will be a flop you pig
please call sallu bhai bangladesh i am a big fan please call +8801719447771 salute
salman you are a scoundrel .. you have become a disbeliever even though you are muslim .. come in front of me i will kill you
everyone is awake till now?
Love u jend actor wo jo har lock mein sweet beautiful guineas hot sohran lagey osy khtey hain.
is the news on aaj tak true please reply ... Ansar
whether you call us or you don't we will come and we will leave after waiting
Thu thu thu dog
salman khan best actor of bollywood
my bhai is handsome he is my brother
hi bhai how are you i am your fan
your every attitude is not nice friend
salman bhai your look is very nice
very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very nice and i love you bhai jaan
will you not welcome us
idiot salman you are a muslim. why did you conduct such a fashion show.
what have you done because of which people are giving such bad comments. i don't know, will you tell me?
salman khan rock's ss
the operation is Merit Maya, will we get your help?
it's very nice
nice pic salman bhai you have made everyone crazy
everyone's brother and my life salman khan
bhaiya i am a very big fan of yours
it's amazing bahi
hi my cutey
bhai jaan even i am your brother, young bhai jaan
scoundrel challenged muslims saying that i wil make a hit without you
salman shame
this will become a super super hit stop it if you have strength
he is not a man
can you not do your work without taking the name of salman 
he is son of a dog
the one who calls others dirty is himself that
what are you trying to say
he is gentle
we are some boys who are jobless and want a job, we have studied less but we know how to work 
bhai you are evergreen
please become my friend
sir it is my dream that i meet you salman sir. please, in nagpur.
bajrangi bhaijaan is number one
akbarudin ovasi is a true muslim and you scoundrel are a bad name for muslims your face is like a pig
salman khan fans are gaandu
salman khan is old
You and your salman's characters both are cheap.
salman bhai i am a very big fan of yours
what do you think about yourself challenging muslims, now look muslims are also not less
if you are challenging muslims then bro why was the song bhar de jholi in the movie ?
they are making songs all for me i will listen
great .. I love salman .. challenge is good and challenger is also good .. 
salman khan bet hiro mai yuske sath pkchr me ka krna chta hu
bhai you are royal
ward off evil
bhai do you not think that kareena has done too much makeup in the movie #salmankhan

bhaijaan God's blessings were with you, are with you and will be with you bajrangi bhaijaan will surely be a hit
being a muslim .. you are playing your own people .. make this bhadwe flop 
will someone become friends with me?
bhai your bajrangi bhaijan movie songs are very nice
scoundrel dog bastard shame on you
your film will flop, you watch, salman khan
hi sallu bhai
do not watch his film friends
come let's make new friends
yo yo's song should have been there
hello salman sir
hello bhai jaan
salman bhai get married atleast now
brother salman bhai
greetings
what is your stature that you insult muslims 
salman bhai greetings

salman khan sir i have heard you are coming to pakistan
salman bhai do you read these comments and reply or not?
chutiya salman... if you want to be a khan become shahrukh 
this is wrong to say things against muslims .. why did you say wrong things?
who is the best in the world it is you because you just listen to your heart
beggars are coming for taking eid's jkate sedka fitra
hi salman bhai
hi salman ji i am a very big friend of yours
there is some fault in your heart i don't understand the reason you don't call ,in which relationship does this happen
good morning bhaijaan
you are making a mistake and i am getting the punishment

love love love
yes brother i keep roza
chutiya number 1 .. the person who cannot be of his religion cannot be of any religion .. don't people say that .. the one who doesn't love himself doesn't love anyone
i do not look as good as you but i am much better than you, i don't do drama of fake love 
neither did you love me and neither do love me now, you don't want to get married because of which you don't phone and don't meet. You are a lying cheating scoundrel
i forgot whatever you said and did in bb it was drama, it was for camera right
vidya gupta have you become mad
i am proud of the fact that you are muslim
hi salman sir love you please talk to me once please sir please please please
hi bhai may your film bajrangi bhai jaan be super
nice nice nice
people who are dirty will remain dirty according to psychology you cannot change anyones behaviour, they will act but they won't change
love for you
salman vai please keep your dare .. that is what keeeps you boss boss
oye why do you say big big things .. are you mad
greetings salman khan we your fans want that you do haj or umra once. Inshaa Allah your life's problems will become easy. Aameen.
salman ji if you are seeing this message please reply
i don't know if you are looking at messages or not
but i love salman g so much that this page is his, that's why i do most comments, so that he gets to know how much i am obsessed with you
love you salman khan ji love you so much mithu
which mitti are you made of, someone is talking to you since the last 3.5 years, for the last 3.5 years asking for just once thing, saying just one thing yet you don't care
all aade tede are written in my destiny, the one above has picked you for me i thought it will be right but no
the painting you did on twitter was nice
you are a dog, neither muslim nor hindu
no no not thanks tell 3 more people
but salman bhai why don't you want to get married
fall carefully
who says that marraige won't happen .. salman and my marraige will happen 2016 .. october .. first week
jaan tell me do you have any problem. i love my god. give me an answer.
may those people die who are jealous of me being bharmini, may they die
salman handsome king
if any hamazade has a doubt about my words they can gladly come to my village
salman fans add me
the people who send me requests i will give them my nr promise
salman khan bollywood rss and bjp's new dog
all hail sidhi vinayak ganesh ji

salman khan g how are you, i watched the movie on eid but look at my message g ok
the reason of smiling is you
hi sallumeya greetings for id
salman my family is very respectable, to indulge with my bf i cannot slander the name of my mother father
salman khan the khan in front of your name does not look nice. you slander the name of muslims and say bad things, leave islamic religion, islaam does not need you
i have already talked about bb
i have just one wish i want to meet you once bhaijan
tomorrow there will be aarti of lakshmi mata, greetings jii
who ever has said slang will have to listen now
i love salman .. i love you salman
give me your number of whatsupp i will send photo
you make a film on the story of my village
tell me one thing
may Allah give you success in all directions
hello salman bhai jaan
salman bai if you are reading these comments then please give the answer to how are you and how do you spend everyday
hi salman i'm sameer baloch in balochistan i'm a big fan of yours
it was a very dirty messae
bajrangi veer putra dal de
love you too you are very handsome
all this is nothing exal and coral has a lot of formula and short cuts which we have to remember
the question is that when will you give answer
nothing happens after giving such a long speech. only saying and hearing two words makes a difference .. sekho i love you sallu?
i am the biggest fan of you salman bhai
look fast she is standing winking as you soon i slept she is standing in fron of me i love you salman ji?
bhai you are looking like you are 24-25
hello sir how are you please reply, please give reply today please sir
sir come to orissa please
tell me fast bhai jaan
bhaijan everyone in kolkata is ready .. you come to kolkata once
greetings bhai jaan
this is going to break everyones record
bollywood king my bro salman khan
bajrangi bhaijaan will break all records salman bhai ji
salman what should i do to meet you
bhai jaan i had one request from you .. once give me a chance to dance at one of your dance functions .. my life's biggest dream will be fulfilled
love you sallu bhai
they came because you help everyone in ramzan
i earn 350 cr now
you are ready since when, now come fast!
salman ji we will definitely watch your teaser today and 17th july in cinema bajrangi bhaijaan .. love you salman ji
yes bhai today night we will party
give some reply salmaan bhai .. now ..
yes bhai i am ready for the party
without eid salman khans movie is flop .. akshay kumars movie is hit whenever it releases 
yes my cute salman
salman bhai don't worry we will make your movie a hit
bhai please release your movie on 27 ramzan. it's my request because ramzans holy night has shbe kadr. all muslims pray. you are also muslim no. #beingsalmankhan #bbthiseid #aajkiparty #bajrangibhaijaan
come to the iftar party from my side
you people are very rich, for you parties are common but what about those people ho cannot even get treatment done like my friend, he need your help and you are partying, please help him
after eid will be bhais party and that too with bajrangi bhaijaan movie everyone no tv no movie
salman sir if you read my comment then please reply once
what friends, why are some muslim brothers upset with salman bhai, salman bhai is a good human being
first keep roze then celebrate eid
i have been searching for a long time for bajrangi bhaijaans songs
why not, call us on eid and we will definitely come
we do not party with people who betray our religion
salmans crazy girls, chat with me once please
sorry i can't come i am in pakistan
movie flop from all our side congrats to you bhai
talk to me once sweeto once just once
because we are ready for a party but what to do we cannot come because invitation is only for brothers and sisters 
no way.. after a whole one month of praying in ramzan who will watch such a movie on eid where hanuman chalisa is being read
are you ready bhai for the party today
i will not watch this movie, i have seen every movie of salman but i will not watch this
any girl will be mad about you, you see
is this something to say that you call and we don't come #bhaiyjan
big brother give party and this younger brother doesn't come to the party can this happen ever #salu bhai (bajrangi bhaijan)
bhai our luck is not such that we can party with you
die dog
if you are the real salmakan then listen, first think if you are muslim or not, to akhirat ki fika kar
lovely sallu bhaijin
bhai is there iftaar party
for what occassion should we get ready bhai are you giving party for marraige
friends whose movies wil you see now that he has said that his movies will work without muslims
today's party is from bhai's side
whose party stupid insolent
salman has become hindu brothers no one should go to watch the movie
totally ready
tbhaio ye khabar afwah he Muslims ko challenge karne wale
super duper flop .. inshallah you are nich Salman Khan?
we are ready waiting for you to enter
you sala hindu
no true muslim is going to watch this dogs film
yes bhai todays party is done
Aaja bhan k loda apna baap sa baat kr tare maa ka maru bhoxda sala cutta
i am ready jnb
give your party to your father na layak
now how are you
i cannot understand anything what have i done
khan means salman khan, heart is beating for bhaijaan
our bhai said and i commented .. eid mubarak
his party who wants it bhai
when will party with Salman happen in Pak
Salman bhai put some songs in movies please
salman in this both are my favourites, hanuman ji and you, this movie of yours will be not hit but super hit
for what joy are you giving this party, you said you read all comments so one reply is valid
yes bhai where is the party in which place what is the timing of the party and who all are coming
bhai the song was not as nice as i thought but nice song
dog who will watch your movie harami
greetings to salman bhai ji. may you have superhit this eid. jai bajrangbali. 
very very very very very nice
greetings for eid bajrangi bhijaan
love you salman
yes bhai very good song
bhai i'm so sad i didn't find the song on the site how should we listen to it
awesome party salman bhai your gift
no muslim should watch his picture
bhai is amazing number 1
one thing about you didn't feel good .. #Salman_Bhai .. i know that you are busy but that thing you won't get to know till you contact me, i won't be able to clear my words
greetings for ramzaan and eid i love you
this man says that he will make his film hit without muslims 
greetings for ramadan salu bhi
love you sallllluuuu
may god flop his film and the ones he makes next may all be flop what do you know slman the meaning of the prayers of muslims 
you jahamani .. hate you .. there is time become better
nice bajrangi bhai
its a request to all muslim brothers to pray that whats there in this ramjaan is not there in next year ramjaan
you disgraced the name of allah salman
salman khan is a black stain
jai jai bajrang bali sallu bhai number one
it is an amazing song!
allah keeps his haveza in aman
bhai dictates therefore good people get jealous
i love you salman vai. i always like you vaijan. khuda will always be with you. 
yes, boss i am always impatient to watch your films, i can't tell  you
salman should be in trouble this time
yes no one should watch this film bhajrang bhaijan it should be flop
oo salman sale got too arrogant, told muslims that even if no muslim watches his film it will be successful
that's why no one watch the film of this salman dog
greetings for eid bhai jaan
come every year on eid and celebrate
nice i will definitely come bhai
this is a special song for eid, this party is from my side
bhak chutiya sala bhosrdi k shar gairat naam ki koi chiz nhi kya re tujme
has anyone seen aliya zain?
salman are you really muslim if you are then you are a stain on muslims
yes yes yes you people are correct
i will see how he will release the movie
sit quietly zaleel you are not muslim and you are one c***tiya mada***d
Iski ma chod do salman ki
sala you are a stain on muslims, you did this for muslims, and you are getting burnt by what you are doing
dog you have no shame in you zalill human
he has no respect or religion
bhosdiwalo don't say anything against bhai i will make your life jhand mc harami people
you are kafar
salo why are you getting your maiya thukwa here .. sale chutiya run away .. otherwise i will ga**nd tear
tum ek kafir, allah se daro salman, idhar maza lelo, akhirat me bahut tadpa tadpa ke marega
this bhosdiwale aren't runners bc mc harami sale pigs child
where do i meet for eid party bhai
its a very good song bhai jaan you are very smart
bhaijan greetings for eid
thanks a lot sallu
madarchod salman is a thief
no one will watch your movie
salman khan is earning money in the name of hindus and muslims .. shame ..
bhai will you not give a gift for eid
if you are a true muslim then do not watch this dogs film on the day of eid
this is the right time when our imaan will be tested
son of a kafir i will not watch your movie
son we come here less now otherwise earlier we used to stay here
salman bhai i also want to com
you didn't say where you're from
justice will also happen for you .. either here or there .. inshallha
sandhya salman will not talk
alisha sallu was not going to come to hat stop seeing dreams
even i am indian, who is he to abuse muslims and still call himself muslim jaheel
put this chutye in the bathroom and close him
sallu is best
bhai jaan is ready
salman i want the answer to my question, if we are inferior then who are you, you are also muslim right most reply
whom did you call inferior muslim, first look at yourself, you are where you are today because of muslims, understood. you threaten us, who will want to see such a movie
will have to wait
you are a true being human, this is the thing that's most different about you .. you look very smart but your heart is also pure bollywood and beautiful .. you have a clean heart
if you are a muslim and still you betray your religion, people who support him are the biggest kuffar. first give them dawath those who support that darinda, say ki what islam
there is a lot of love you won't understand
easvariyas ghost is still there then how will you find it
you are my heart you are my life .. my salman hai
child of gashti, being muslim you became a hindu, shame on you
congratulations to you for your party, allah is enough for me
i want that bajrangi bhaijaan film is definitely a flop
salmans bajarangi film will be a flop.  Maaa bahen hoo gii saaaalaaaa chotiya
this time 800cr for bajrangi bhaijaan
awesome song bhaijan
yes, love you sallu bhaijaan
sir ji have you ever promised someone something
shame on bajrangi satan but lanti slman
we also want a party
flop movie dog salman
yes i'm ready you look so handsome may god save you from bad eyes
salman you are blessed by god .. the one who calls you bad his house has jurjate ( that means family of haram khor ) ok
when is eid? the day salman's film releases.
that is there
greetings for eid salman g. blessing from khuda, this movie of yours will also be a big hit, like your last movie
in your movie everyone has to say jai siya ram, then eid will be celebrated well
there is no one like bhai jaan, i am super man, bhai jaan's fan
on the day of eid salman maiya chudae
everyone's life salman khan
otherwise don't think that you will not be fanna, this thought of yours is a lie
yes bhai salam
my sallu bro always mindblowing greetings sallu bhai
this time party for eid is from bhai's side
i am missing you bhaiya when will big boss come please reply
salman khan your film will be flop you are not muslim, you are kafir
dont worry always be happy insaallhatala your film will earn the most in the box office
amazing bhaijaan love you, no matter what anyone says i will watch first day first show
salman khan is a good human my brother
for what are you begging now with your hands on eid
greetings for eid in advance bhaijaan
party will happen pretty is there in life and life is pretty and pretty is my beloved wife
kamina salman yehi bolna chare ho na maqsood bhai
i wanted to party with you boss
greetings for ramzaan and eid salman bhai 8863960135 i will wait for you
i was always ready .. the wait is for you to arrive
yes salman khan
come to our orissa sometime
salman bhai i am a very big fan of yours, i like you a lot
i love you salman ji i am a very big fan of yours, sir i have full trust in you, you will message me back, when i will meet you, i will see you
sallu bhai i love you
bhai the festival is of bhai, then he is ours right
salman you are rude, know the meaning of the name pahlai, then you will understand
otherwise your khairnah and anyway eid is not now but after a few days
sir i am a big big fan of yours, i want to talk to you on call once, sir my contact num 0335607139 skype id abdul.rehman6731 please contact me abdul.reman.sahabto
bhai people the biggest religion is humanity so follow that
this time BJP's dog, stain on muslims will come, on the day of eid wherever this dog comes, hit him with shoes and make him run, enter his house
which dog said this
this is what everyone wants that we fight and you people are doing exactly that
ashu singh what do you know
ashu yaar stop it
pk? if to worship god, we don't need a small idol, then why do you need a big mazjid, DHILE LAND KI PAIDAISHO
abdul raheem bhai he won't understand he is rude, he doesn't have manners, to explain to him is like playing a been to khde
ashu sing it must have happened to you in your mandira
bhupender panwar why are you asking mojsai who i am
yar ashu you are crossing limits, please stop, don't say such nonsense
ashu singh we can't understand what you said
till now there was a lot of strength in your laudo? suddenly it became loose?
@bhupendra panwer why don't you go to pakistan for 5 years?
go to pakistan you dog, your hindi is also not clean
aur har bhade ke tattuo se getting comment done every salman khan is a muslim 
so you mean every person who does bad things is muslim, great thinking bhai, my middle finger salutes you
the person who speaks silently he is real son of hijde ashu kutt
sonya khan is a hijda muslim who doesn't know her gender
sonya are you a boy or girl, i have some work for you
muslim don't attack from ahead, also like hijde, they attack from behind, look at pakistan, country of muslim hijdo
bhupander panwar is a hijda muslim
bhupender bro is right, i haven't seen a bigger chutiya than him in my entire life, he is chutiya number one
advance greetings for eid
today's party is salman  bhai's eid party
after that at last i will take something for myself
i want to see the couple gracy singh and salman khan together
and how is everything going
love you shalluuuu
i hate bajarngi bhai jaan .. salman
you are my life bhai please once call or message, i told you to like or comment, you read it right
A harami hai iski bhadwa ki mov mat dekna
think about yourself before calling someone harami
Salman khan Bajrangi kutta maa ka lauda bhenchod
i think vai you must read, please i want to meet you
if someone is a bigger fan of sallu than me, then before this film they will watch the show, add me
how many days will i keep saying you in the show
bhai don't watch this dog's film, why take your money to a waste place
Hanji paji tiaar aa jooba
bhai i want to act with you, i will do the work in your house bhai, take me to mumbai bhai please bhai
you sent me a message, please tell me please
do you want to kill pure children by showing such pictures
i am ready to see this pic salman bhai
salmaan sr.. you said yourself that you yourself read each comment .. so why don't you reply 
love you shalluuuu
i love sallu so much that there is nothing to measure it that is made yet
don't watch salman's bajrange bhai jaan movies? salman khan is not a muslim he is a hindi because Allah sey SAAB SE BAA GUNAA HAIN SHIRK TO Salman kahn shirk kar raha hain 3 KURAN KA farman haain saab se bara gunaa Shirk hain
i want to say a lot about kamine salman, i hate salman khan
swear on salman khan add me
my brother life salman khan i love you
brother i am ready
brother i am ready we will celebrate eid together brother it is roza today
what did you do
after making so many sacrifices, still i am wrong
you also never gave me company so i became wrong, congrats
the way you are ripe about your promises, even i am ripe about my promise
greetings bhai
very amazing song, last time jumme ki raat and this time party ki raat wow .. party is from your side and this party has kick
he has challenged muslims, no one should watch his movie. if you are all muslims then you won't watch
sallu bhai rocks
bhai jaan how are you, how is your family, this film bajrangi bhaijaan became a success, someone add me on eid, greetings for Ramzan, Saad Khan pakistan karachi
bhai is very nice, in today's place it should be eid, party for eid is from my side, jai ho bhai
many many congratulations to you bhai jaan, best of luck to you from all of us for your upcoming film 
i am a very big fan of salmaan bhai
bhaijaan is ready
same to you bhai
nice song, today's party is from my side
insa-allah it will break all records
greetings to you too
now what is the benefit in calling you nice, good, handsome etc, these are all small words for you, you are my favourite actress, please call me on this number .. 919593871431 .. if possible please
no one likes your film, stop this drama
salman kaha good. film bajrahgi bhaijaan old best walkam
even i click better photos than this photographer,  sala q tera 2 maru ga chitiya sa la , your father knows photography
greetings for eid in advance
salman khan i am excited for your new film #bajrangi #bhaijaan
what has gulmira written
greetings bhai you are not doing this good work
bhai your house and the people in your house are a dark stain on the name of islaam, there is nothing linked to islam in you
how are you salman bai
murderer saale go to jail
eid is of muslims
hi salman bajrangi bhaijan
bhai all your friends are ready for the party
where will the party happen bhai
may allah make the movie of this khabis flop
greetings for eid in advance bhai jaan it's emergency please
our blessings are with you bhijaan we can do anything for you
today's party is from bhai's side
film will also release, there will be a party from you and your pockets will also get filled. dont worry brother we are with you. wish you all the best
salman brother i like you a lot
its a shame salman you pig
mr. salman these days your stars are not aligned well you only get 8 thousand comments oh no
brother what is the mater
today's iftar party is on me brother you have invitation for entire family
who will miss a party with salman and bebo
wow brother wow
i say that our sallu brother's picture is hit
hey there can be no one else born like brother i love you brother
hi salman brother eid mubarak
i am a very very very big fan from pakistan
is this party for poor and yateem people too
@lwayz ready 4 uh salman sir..
this is a huge party from your side
eid mumbar to you
today's party is on me salman brother
very very beautiful song
take selfie son when you will die and go in coffin then god will see you horrible person really
brother ied mubaraq
its very good. today's party is on me, tell everyone to come down from flak. nice.
how are you brother if you stay well then we will also stay well otherwise you know 
whatever happens but i love you a lot salman
salman khan your mother's chuth and your sister's chood
who is this after an old man, if you see without makeup you'll run away 
brother we will make your movie a hit even if no one else does
brother eid mubarak i love you
brother we need your phone number we have to wish you eid mubarak please give
salute brother ramdan mubarak to you
we will come for sure
chicken song iw awesome bhai
why brother why not today. what you have to do tomorrow do today
wowwwww omg why not today.. love you salman
what is the matter brother
i am not going anywhere till tomorrow. iw ill stay here. 
we will wait.
sallu do you even know how amazing you look in this red pathani kurta. any girl will die for you 
we will come to your eid party brother
love you so much salman
yes brother as you say. best of luck for bajrangi brother
super cool cool bro
super partnership kreena sallu
oh my god ,i cnt belive...... i'll be thr........pls be my frnd salman...$$$$$$
its a super duper hit brother
your mother's
nice pic bajarangi bhaiya
Iam waiting salman bhai
amazing veer ji
I don't like salman khan madharchod randy ka ladka harami kafir
salute salman ji
sure i ll what 3:30 i will be there on facebook at 2:30 only
hey chutiye read namaz sometimes too
salman my life 
Goodluck for bajarangi bhaijaan
musalman people also got against him will he wash off all respect in this pic
its alright i think that i have watched this film everyone will relate this film to themselves
salman brother eid mubarak to you
you help everyone please help my friend pliz
salman till now we were big fans of you but not anymore. because you have hurt musalmaan brothers i hate you
Assalamu alykum brother eid mubarak brother and you are a very good person good luck
welcome *"*'*'*'*'*'*bajrangibhai jaan*'*'*'*'*'*'*"*'*'*superhit movie*"*"*"*'*'*'*:welcome fance party*"*'-'*'-'*'*"*'*superr*'*'*'*'*'*'*'*:*duper*"*'*'*'*'*'*best*'*'*'*'*'*'*'*'*"*:very nice*"*'*'*:*'*bajarangi bhai *"*'*'*"*'*'*'*bajarangi bhai *'*"*"*"*'*'*'*'*bajarangi bhai*"*"*'*'*':'*:*'*hit*'*"*'*'*:hit*'*"*'*'*'*'*'*'*hit*'*'*"*'*'*'*super actor&actress*"*'*'bajrangibhai*"*'*'kareena *'*'*'*'*best *"*"*"*'*'*"*'*watch movie later-id-ul-fittar*"*'*'*'with*"*"*'*'*sallu*"*"*'*'*':'kareena *"*'*'*'*'*bajarangi bhai jaan *"*"*'*'*superstar*"*'*'*'::
take selfie with brother
salman khan sir it does not matter to us what anyone says. all these are tricks of someone but i love you sir god bless u we will watch movie and will make others watch because this is the case of salman sir's movie
brother who has negative role in sultan?
Salman bhaijan EID MOBARAK.
awxom actor sallu bro
salman brother what is happening against you
we love you very much brother bollywood's son india's life everyone's brother salman khan
brother you should have done the duty of being musalman
nic song . bhi jan
fucker what do you say musalmaan are downtrodden
you dare this much
yes salman brother. we will stay for sure for you
you are not my brother you are my super star
Salman khan rock .
i want to marry musalmaan girl my age is 25 and please call me i will marry for you plz call me
jai shri Ram Jai shri ram
what mistake have i done salman g that you dont talk to me and dont reply
i want to marry musalman girl my age is 25 please call me only girls 
why what is the matter salman brother
brother life nice
no matter what anyone says you are hit
just answer one question when will you meet me
Bajrangi bhaijaan will cross 300 this is my promise
rubbish actor's rubbish movie
i hope no one wishes ill for you
i am impatiently waiting for your new film. please whenever film releases then post on website so that we can download your super duper hit film
okk brother :)
love yu bhai jaan,,,,,I like yu,,,,,I love yu bhai jaan,,,,,,nice song so sweet handsome parsnalti
hey just go zhandu balm who will find time for you
can someone tell me what india time 3:30 pm is in UK time? 
our sallu brother 
you are not musalman
heard that sallu brother does not need musalmaan anymore is this true?
whoever is true musalman he will not watch his movie because he has challenged musalmaan so then i will not watch do what you want
Ok sallu miy
brother i have to click picture with you love u brother
Assalamu alaikum bhaijan
brother whats going on on whatsapp about you is false right? plz reply must
Salman is godfather is bollywood
its amazing brother
it wouldnt have been flop even if your father made it 
what is the guarantee that you will answer all questions? someone else can also answer??
Akib Jawad you will make sultan flop you idiot just go from here otherwise i will bang you.
what is this brother when we are bussy only then you are online. plz think about us as well. everyone is free in night. 
Salame walekum .bajrangi bhaijan
why do things like this come on something so nice as facebook? dirty fellow. idiot. i saw his face in the morning now the entire day will go bad.
Salam Nadia Khan frm salman khan
luv u salman muhhhh
horrible bad person
Asaalam aalay kumm Asaalam axelent bhai jan (y)
salman brother please reply to my comment
hey sallu. you are gr8
no matter if someone else sees or not we will definitely go for your movie
Nic salman bai
brother. we know everything about you. what question and what answer. we love you. now just get movie released. that day we will party. eid mubarak in advance. 
brother you are the king of bollywood. and you are near our hearts. love you brother.
Gret is gret khan salman
what is the matter brother
ofcourse salman what is there to think about in this
sallu brother. ed's party alone. you forgot us
Iove you sulman bhai
muslim brothers sisters plz unlike salman khan and send bad wishes on salman khan. he has become hindu dont give him respect and insult him
sir im upset bcaz your film will release one week after eid in pakistan sir i have only asked for your happiness in ramzan i hope our wish is granted and you always be successful. im samaira from pakistan i always support you
behnchod sahil rehman roy. you will mess with your father i will bang you in your inbox
salman brother you are flop
brother jackass brother inshallah super hit
salman brother. i am there in your new movie shoot
yasmeen khan. think before you comment
sallu brother i need your number
true love is such that they cannot see tears in their eyes and hitting is a far fetched thing
and understands their feelings without saying
bajrangi bhaijan eid mubarak in advanc and i hope your movie goes beyond 450 cr because you are grate and smart hero of bollywood
what is tomorrow. will you give my b'dy gift? <3 :D 
salman brother ask for forgiveness there is still time. will make bajrangi bhaijan hit without muslim. how will you do brother. your frns group is muslim
hey salman khan you are a spot on the name of muslman who doesnt deserve to live
brother please reply to me for sure
Jai shri ram .......coming sooooon bjrngi bhai jan
mother fucker fuck your mom in mumbai if you come to hyderabad i would have fucked yoru mtoher
people like you a lot in pakistan as well
we have to watch 1st day 1st show of your movie no matter how it is
brother how will you make films hit without muslim
your br is not going to run by your film bajrangi
go dog no one will watch your movie horrible person
how are you brother
love you my swttuuuu. muah muah muah. i am because you are. i want to meet you for just one moment, i have hope and this hope causes me to be alive. 
no muslim will watch this movie because it is not going to run
SULTAN ALI KHAN SE
salman brother you are amazing
we are very excited to watch a new story. lvoe you sallu brother 
what time tomorrow? 
1 no bhau
someone like me i am no less than bajrangi
sir dont reply to anyone
salman brother how is your roza going
brother salman does not read anything and doesnt reply to anything
brother you are my life :*
Iam waiting bhaijaan
U owsum Salman bhai
brother all your film are supar and i watch all your movies. i wish i could meet you once. 
this idiot he has not status in front of me. i get dog food worth the money he has
brother this time eid will happen after looking at your face. when will 17th come i am waiting 
Salman dont worry useless things wont affect your fans and movie will work great
its a disgrace that you are muslman
eid mobarak brother how are you when will serkhan come
brother there is no one in front of you you are great brother
eidmubarak salman ji. i love you salman. i want to meet you once salman ji this is my wish salman jii
brother you are amazing
what should fans from pakistan do please tell this also brother
salman brother you are ruining your own life like this good bye
you will boycott alone awaiz you will be successful for sure you dont go
brother your movie is hit. we are with you inshallah
salman come to my house on eid
hey heart wants this
eid mubarak but this time we want eddi too
hur salman khan your here and there and your movie's too
doing god's work is the main religion
salman i think of you as a brother but i want that this film does not get hit because it is the question of musalman
salman khan your movie will be flop remember this
why is there something wrong in the movie?
brother you remain tension free
Sj Soriful what did you say. if you like salman this much keep him in your house.
all these are rumours. dont say like this.
mobarak ied mobarak ??
now lets go and sleep. today is #juma. have to read namaz
Shahrukh Gouri that is wrong news. dont believe. he didnt say like that.
Just ask salman how much Roza was there
Ahana Khan ignore them they will never understand. if you say anything then they will start swearing you who teach us islam
and salman brother we will for sure not go to watch your movies. because you have sung horrible god's chalissa because of which muslim is embarassed. full month that is month, after reading roza namaz should we listen to this. what brother did you not get any other movies.
if salman is right then just once he should say in the media that he hasnt said this. simpal.
mamu if you receive my message so please tell me yes or no ple good morning
salman bhai, meri ek frnd hai..........she....lives......in......sirsi.....n .....aaki.....bauhat.....badi.....fan.....hai.....i.....dont.....know.....uske.....number....pe......wo....reply.....nhi.....kar.....rhi......n......wo......mujhe......seriously..... lyk.....karti.....hai......n.....main....bhi....agar.....mera.....ye.....comment.....aap....tak....pauhache.....den.....sirf...aap....hi...agar.....fb.....pe....usko....bol.....de.....help...me....i....don't..... know.....main.....jo.....likh.....raha.....hu....wo...sahi....hai.....ya....galat.....but....bhagwaan...kasam.....dil....se.....n....honestly.....likh.....raha.....hu.....agar....aap....meri.....help....kar....de....den....aap....jo....bologe.....wo....main....krunga.....pls....pls......plss......Sry..bhai....aap soch rhe hoge ki aap mujhe trust kyu kare den pls mera contact
brother hello
everyone has to go upstairs so then think about yourself salman wont come and he is a dog, he is not muslim nor hindu, he is only dog ok bye bye
i watch all of your movies, i am also bajrang bali's bhkt, jai bajrang bali ji, the film should become suprhit from your name, your enemies will run away
idiot made bajrangi do you have no shame
hello salman
hi.. salman brother my self mayur and i am a little singer and my request to you is to please give me one chance to sing for you. please brother
it crossed 600.0000000 brother
Nice bhaiYOU ARE THE BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST
goodness pic brother you are very nice and smart and i am your biggest fan brother
ramzan mubarak brother
very ncie brother. super duper hit bajrangi bhaijaan
wow brother you are looking very smart
love salo brother
at your house
do one thing, apply balm and massage, then take one cloth and put salt at the front and heat it at the tava a little and massage your back using that pain will get better
Madhar chod sale kutte ki aoulad salman khan ki ma ka bhosha
tell mami that she will use those home remedies very well
hello are you happy
brother you have to save someone's life if you read this sms please reply
brother is the king of bollywood
i am a very very very very big fan of yours
i think homecoming is going on bajrangi is also looking like brother
today's party is from my side brother
keep laughing keep laughing
muhh my life. love you sallu
only one hero who lives in the hearts of everyone and that is salman brother bajrangi bhaijan everyone breathes alright only after seeing him i love salman brother
brother why do you do promotion after so long
are you bajrangi in the film or are you brother life
inshallah brother bajrangi bhaijaan will hit
nice brother sallu
my favirat hero salman khan
it is my prayer that you always be happy
lv u salmn
a lion is never afraid and my brother is a lion love you brother life
3.30 pm onwards brother will do video chat here everyone keep your questions ready
brother my questions. who do you like the most?
3.30 cant wait..
sir ji why are you making us wait so much
dog dog dog your movie will be flop
today's party is from my side
brother just do one thing
we will tear off the postar of movie of this dog
i love u salman khan iam u r big big fan love u u u u u sooooo much sallu,,i miss u very day
Nice salman ji
oh your eyes your nose your lips i swear will you just kill me
Salman you r being human love you bby..... i need your love and nothing else... love you??????
pandey ji always super hit mmmuuaaa
India's superheroSALMAN KHAN. N ourJAAN
hello salman brother i am a big fan of you i have watched almost all of your pictures
you did wrong with us
you said today and postponed to tomorrow. salman brother did not expect this of you
brother its 4 oclock
what yaar. i was hoping that my dreams will come true to some extent today but what pandey ji you broke my hopes
the pride of bollywood and the life of hindustan 1 n only salman khan love u salman
when are you coming to take eid's zaakat fitra
uff killing look brother
asak. you love your mother and brothers a lot it feels very good.
brother you are a very good human and the people who dont understand this are idiots. 
how many roze happened salman brother
salam hello brother
supar dupar hit will break all records its my heart's prayer
i heard that your ynup happened yes no please answer
wow you are looking very good god save you
it would be wrong to watch traitor's movie
hi salman brother how are you
for sure sallu you do wonders
our sallu brother is everyone's brother
brother brother somabhai bohemia
today's party is from my side this eid
salute brother 
this time yours wont work
wow sallu brother
salman khan ilove u wii u married me
music is not correct
salute salman brother girls dont like hnsm not like
o ho brother how will it come out tomorrow
salman brother look is great but you are looking choor
gave 5.25 paise 
this wont go a confirm hit because no muslim brother will watch his picture
this is amazing look... ilu vii
what is the matter brother
brother cross 700cr pts increase
Nice imeg bro
this year's super duper film bajrangi bhaijan
bajrangi bhaijan when will i get to meet you in this life or the next when does bajrang bali want 
my brother my hero salman brother we are huge devotees of salman brother we will die but we wont lie
salman brother read namaz five times
you traier dont do salute do namaste
i wish we could meet
bajrangi bhaijan will be super duper hit this is my prayer
i will pray for your pic that it goes super duper hits
ed mubarak from our side to you and your family
salute salute my life you are looking very nice my life my salman
tell me what to do salman
please reply to me please salman ji
i have been waiting for your movie for a long time
salman if you come in front of me i will make a film of yours bhenchod what do you think of yourself
my life my salman
i can sacrifice myself for you
your mother's chuth. madarchod is releasing film. why are you getting it out on eid
fuck your sister
Hello salman jee, , Eid mubarak
i want you in eid
why will salman go to pakistan
tnx brother you took my life
suprab my life salman khan
then say bye
its amazing brother
bhaijaan your song always becomes hit
soo sweeet song
lovly &nice song ..salman.
Priyanka Kunwar beautiful beautiful beautiful ! kasto ramrailo gana. Love salman, can't wait to see bhaijaan??
just awesome bonding pawan-munni
superb song and super duper hit movie when someone tries to do good deeds then even god supports him. you tried to reunite a small girl with her family, the entire universe will support you for that
you do amazing things pandey jii
butiful song evr i fel in luv wiv dis song
the people who are just coming i should tell them that today an online chat will take place here at 3:30pm
today's party is from sister in law's side
Waoooooo, soo beautiful
raksha shinde salman will help for sure
we dont leave any movie of bhai's. eid mobarak brother
we will all talk at 3:30 
Bhaiii ...greatttt<3<3<3 amazinggg wonderfullll
Wah good video salman brother 100 like deta ho like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like Luke
by the way you dont waste time you are very punctual
we caught it brother. you give and we dont take. 
very nice. specially salman kahan
you won our hearts. god bless you
Gud luk bro
wow. what to say. 
why did you say this salman that you will make your pix hit without muslim
his movie works on his name, his name is enough to make it superhit
salman brother's name is enough, film becomes blockbuster on its own
hllo salman brother how are you
i dont know if you are on fb or not because it might be fake id but you are bhaijan and you will remain so till the day i die because i love you 
very nice salman bai beautifull song
salman khan brother life nice its very nice salman brother beautiful songs
all song rocking han bahi
amazing brother amazing. i had a lot of fun. brother is life
awesome track. it pleased my heart
you are also nice and your song is also very nice. i am from pakistan
Waoo.salman nice yar
this film will be very hit 
salman ji you didnt sing a song this time i was expecting that you will sing a song in your lovely voice. i love your voice. hangover is my all time favoite song i still listen to that song i just love that song
Jai shri krishna may god always keep you happy.
hur hur dabangg dabangg dabangg ..... Bajrangi bhaijan
bhaijaan is good brother you are a very good human
great indian army and salman brother
pak foje live long <3
brother what are these rumours about you. are the true or false
salman sir where are you please message me please
he will come back when he grows up. to infiltrate and to eat bullets
sir its the effect of your movies
not bad what is happening where are you
mulle saved a mulle
kashmir belonged to india and will remain india's. 
the ones who are being killed there are pakistani as well :P 
you dont know anything and yet you come to beg for money
Bande matramjai hindbharat mata ki jaind indai is greati love my india;->
$@lute ! to that dedication that lives in hindustan's heart
salman khan is madarchod randy's boy harami kafir
you should promote it with the same excuse
humantity and love are remembered first
hindustan is my foot. why are all of you abusing pakistan. have pakistanis churi your sisters? 
Good that indian army left someone. otherwise if they have their way they will call this child also a terrorist from pakistan and capture him
strange. but very well done. really feeling happy.
love you brother jiii salman khan
its doubtful that even after doing such nice work their hearts will have some love for us
if you ask for love, we will give you our life. if you ask for milk, we will give you kher. if you ask for kashmir, we will tear you apart. 
salute to indian army. if a child from india had gone there then pakistani army would not have returned
hi how are you how are you which anniversary do you have
are op logo bap bel
india army bad india army raped all women
he is sharing such pics only because his film is coming and he is promoting that
my friend people are all your fans but they are upset about the chalisa in your movie & got very happy listening to qawali
& you are helping so many people via being human
if you find the time, please reply to me my heart will be at peace
awesome. if all countries become smart like this then there will be no animosity remaining between them. plz #Being_Human
he should get hail of ten years
if it has been proven that muslims are being insulted in bajrangi brother jan then i wont stay your fan forever
ami tomake khub valobasi, i love u brother jan
you look like a lion in the picture and in real you look greater lion
shailly salman brother will come online at 3:30 lets see if he replies to you or me :p
are you salmaan acters or some other person who has made an account with salman khan's name and are using his profile photo
When are you coming to Bihar(patna) for the promotion of #Bajarangi_Bhaijan
brother life you will come at 3:30 but we have been waiting for you since morning what about that
brother i need work please give me work
salman brother you have said a very big thing that you will make your film hit without musalman. now you are saying that you havent said it. so who said it what happened tell us
brother i am desperately waiting for your movie and i hope that it will break record this year
sir where should i massage from sir where should i massage from sir where should i massage from
sir where should i massage from sir where should i massage from sir where should i massage from sir where should i massage from sir where should i massage from sir where should i massage from
i think eternity has passed away but it hasnt been 3:30 yet today
at 3.30 brother will be doing video chat here so you should be ready with your question
but salman g will we be able to see you on video chat otherwise we dont want to chat with a stranger
Superb salman bhai
which page will we be able to talk on, brother is anyone listening
you better reply me salman! if not on twitter then here you will have to reply for sure lol
i have opened your page from now itself
he is bajrangbali's dog he is not musalman he is traitor and you like him. i hate such people.. 
he is idiot
congratulations on jumma salman brother weting for you salman brother
salman ji where are you. plz come
today's party is by salman
you will tell brother how to talk. brother se?
how are these people they are dragging movie into religion
will salman sir give answers
somebody tell me where will we talk to salman please
salute you stay on this page salman khan will reply when he is online
its good brother
what will happen at 3.30
somebody tell me something
lets see who Mr. dabang replies to
brother please give me a small roll in dabang three
you release movie in ramzan's month how will you be successful
namaste brother life. you are not just brother life but you are our life. and you are my god sir. jay bajrang bali. 
you will be reading messages for sure NASA salman
jumme's evening will be with brother
i love you salman brother. bajrangi bhaijan
india has just one brother salman brother (that too good brother)
plzzz help me brother plzz read my comment plzz help me
brother help me plz help me
where did i get lost in such crowd
how are you sallu bro
salman type something 1 time
dont make us wait brother, come fast
thank you for talking to your fans
everyone get ready brother life is coming ... 
hey brother if you would have given earlier time our sleep would not be ruined
hey there are still ten minutes left brother
my life's purpose is to meet you
brother life whereever you are, come back fast i pray to god that you come back fast brother
salman i just want to ask you one question thats all
if you dont come in some more time everyone will go crazy come fast
brother life we are sending a gift for you i love you salman khan
hmmm salman it is not okay to make your fans wait so much
dont delete if you have guts then answer
dont make us thirsty come fast
brother one question to you
i'm very exited. only 3 min remaining
4 mints more
Oh mona jamal who is like this ans
dream 4 me bajrangi bhaijaan
salman will talk at 4 pm
how are you bhaijan
hi salman. i want your pic with your autograph. i am your big fan. my question is what do you do that makes your beauty increase every day
brother will come at 4 oclock
30 are completed
it is 3:31 g
are you making fools out of everyone?
brother where are you hiding
do you know how crazy people are for meeting you
bhaijaan congratulations for your film 
brother if you say then i can meet everyone on your behalf what do you say brother
come on son take selfi hi bhaijaan
hi salman brother i am a big fan of yours i have watched almost all your pictures
radhe brother come on now
i have sent you more than 100 messages please reply now. i have been waiting
salman brother. how are you
sir the little girl who is shooting with you did she start crying while shooting at night once please reple me.
in bajrangi bhaijan what is your name
say something salman sir
brother eid mubarak in advance. no question to ask you. may you live a thousand years. god bless you every year
salute sallu brother jumma mubarak sallu brother i message you on twitter
its 3:44 when will you come 
Assalaam waalaikum bhaijaan...
waiting brother. how much longer will you make us wait
whose brother where brother life. dog you are a devil you only come in eid to make everyone a cheater
we will also talk to you sallu brother
brother it has already been 3:30. where are you please i think even god wants you to come and help me once. please brother please i need your help pls talk to you please
7 mins more now cant wait any more khan saab come fast
Aslma alikum bhai jaan khan really hero salman khan
whose brother where brother life. dog you are a devil you only come in eid to make everyone a cheater
sir everyone will go mad please come fast
come now its evening. the weather has changed. please reply me bb love you cho much i keep staring at you mornign and night love you my big boss bb
you are not coming everyone knows hahaha
hey salooo. reply to all your fans here. everyone has been waiting for so long. i am still waiting. have been doing this for 20 yrs. i can still wait. m not your fan I <3 :D :D :D
thief idiot go and die dog horrible pig
its 4 oclock salman sir
Aisslam wa allaiquem bhaijaan
Plz come pavan kumar chaturvaidi
brother it is 3.30 now
sir please say hi to all of us everyone is waitinf for you dont talk i know that you dont have time but just once say hi to us all sir we will be happy in this much plz one time
Asslam walekum salam sir
if you didnt want to talk then you shouldve said so
salman best luck for bajrangi bhaijan. it will break all records like always. inshallah.
we are ready. 
i wish you were missing me. i know you wont do this. 
its 4 oclock but the party is still due that too for eid sir
where are you brother life. everyone is waiting
by by salman is not going to come
8lez tell us a fix time when you are coming on fb
i got salman brother's message
lets see how he makes his film hit this horrible salman
we will have a direct talk with me at 4pm. this is what bogg boss said rightly 
brother my name is saaru like yours is sallu
salman is not coming guys come on now clear the space here :P 
go and talk to your fans they are all waiting
brother it has been a long time start now
brother we are waitinf for you please come
come fast salu brother. brother where are you its 4pm. i'm waiting for you bajrangi bhaijan you do amazing work
no one should go and watch this idiot salman khan's picture. musalmano be careful we have to flop the picture
you will get so many comments. you will still not reply. 
love uuuu soooo muchhhhhhhhhhh jannatttttttttt
hi busy man you wont talk to us razan mubarak to you do SMG on eid for sure please please bye
hello my brother sallu
We love you Salman bhai <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
brother where are you
all records are in the back and bajrangi brother life is ahead
brother bring comedy. i have never seen you laugh so much as you did in comedy with kapil.
salman brother i want to talk to you please brother
brother you are generous i know that there is no one bigger than you king of hears
you said that you can make your movie hit without musalmaan. come on do it
salman brother there are rumors that you have said that you can make movie hit without muslim is that true?
i am here where do we have to talk please talk
i didnt even know that whether we are going to talk or not going now bye
kavi talk
Vry nce sir. <3
sir look at the comments once and see how many people love you
salman brother you dont meet in reality at least come in my dreams for a prayer 
hey this is some idiot who has opened account using brother's name he's doing hi again and again
salman brother, if i meet you, then i will hug you for sure, then i'll also get kick
i am coming on eid to watch movie bajrangi brother life
arif khan just tell me which news channel was he seen on 
where salman khan
brother you are amazing but everyone made body looking at you and now youre getting fat
Super kota salluu
brother come to kolkata once. to meet your fans. already bajrangi bhaijan mega hit
really salman brother's movie is a record
you are being human your movie has to go hit because you have the prayers of so many people
salute to you brother
your movie will be blockbuster will cross 300 bajrangi bhaijan god willing
there is no doubt in this that there is a salman brother's movie and it doesnt become hit
brother we are very worried to hear that you have been kidnapped by someone . please reply once please bhaijaan
brother i watch all your movies with a lot of interest and i want for your movie
only useless people will go watch this idiot's movie he doesnt know what islam is
brother i am crazy about you. whatever film of yours comes i wathc the first show and this time also i will watch it
Bhai love you love you love you love you love you
Superp brother life
brother you are hit
there are many people in bangladesh who love you 
give the answer to messages sometimes g
Love you love you salman brother
love you brother. you are everyone's life salman khan. anitha parmar
1-no brother
i am your fan and consider you the greatest teacher
salman brother everyone wants to meet you but even if you dont meet me keep me in your prayers help me so that i can help other people by joining bing human trust
Lllllllloooooooovvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeee youuuu salmaaann gggg
when did you come and when did you leave
super duper hit 22 ji
the people reading my comment. when you watch this madar chhod's bajrangi film being flop then know that muslims have condemmed him
come, we will watch it on id day itself this time also record will be broken from earlier movies. being salman khan? 1000 crores
Aswlkm sahre is done for you
I love love u love u love u love u so mach salman khan just once i want to say i love you face to face to you
are what are you doing here. salman came on the other status and talked and went already at 4:00am 
bajrangi brother life is supar hit because all musalman brothers will watch salman khan's film
i wish you stay laughing like this all your life and keep making such movies
what should i say brother you have energy in every style, believe it or not all girls die for you, whoever you want you can get, swear to god never say no
i pray to god that brother this movie of yours breaks all records
i am a very big fan of yours
brother i am with you. if you dont want to marry then dont. jai jawan
our prayers are with you bhaijaan nothing can happen to you
hello hay salman brother what did you say tell?
salman sir we need your being human trusts even in small cities now ... pls. help people as much as you can... and hail banjangi bhaijan
salman brother when will we meet we wait for you
salman brother you are my life i am your fan from childhood  no one has more worth than you in my life just call me sister once best day of my life
salman brother why do you make films with publicity why not simple movies. i am your great friend. but. everyone has spread such rumours.
salman brother relax this film will also be hit
dont worry we will go for you this time
look he came....... he came again on eid to take eidi.... our brother
everyones aan everyones pride our one and only brother salman khan. best of luck for film salu
I luv sallu
Salman id mubarak to you and your family from me and my family
love uuu saluuuuuuu
wow whats up bhai
greetings to brother
Salman brother i am waiting for you pls reply
loveeeeeee uuuuuuu dude i am tired pls reply
Brother some hindus became happy but your fans are really sad
Sir i only have one wish to meet you
Salman brother. .My big brother..I dont like anyone more than you. ..I consider you as my big brother...
Bollywood big super star bajrangi bhaijaan salman khan
Bajrangbali ka saath Bajrangi ke pas ?rkho viswas ?puri hogi aap ki har aas???????!
we are fans of bajrangbali we will die but wont lie i miss you bro i like you bro
salman ji you are a great hero and we like watching all your movies and we'll pray to god that bhajrangi bhaijan shall become the greatest film for india i miss you salman ji,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
your upcoming film bajrangi bhaijan will be suuuuuupppppppeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrr hit 
we are fans of bajrangbli we wil die but wont lie
greetings bhai jaan
i am very fine you are fine ramazan k se gura ha
dont think too much about me i come in heart not in understanding
salman sir plzzzz sir help me sir i am trying to find your number since 4 years sir plzz help me my family needs you salman sir plzzzz sir....this is my number ..,.7355458113
Sallu miya wonder ful
i always called you brother but youre not worthy of being my brother
bb will be huge blockbuster. you'll live 100 years.
and its not your mistake no one intentionally loves it just happens it didnt happen to you thats why i died to meet you but it didnt matter to you
Bhai ..when will it be 3.30
Brillient jeee i m muslim from pakistan janab pakistan is not a bad place that you cant come here ........am not calling you but if you come to most welcome to my college to if you come
Salman khan idc if your dad is muslim idc if your mom is hindu idc if youre a indian idc if youre a dog of which place a dog is a dog salman khan you shouldnt have doone w this allah s name ........
1 or 2 doing bajrangi baijan gone bad
I love you my life I love you very much
your pose is fab in the movie specially the one with the kid exclusively pose bhai jaan
hi sir how are you and your famliy i hope you and your family are doing great god blees u n best of luck for ur film bajrangi bhaijan super hit film this year .......
Nice salu bhai
Sallman you turned out to be a headache type
everyone is mad here.. ok keep going friends
Im seeing happiness in your face after a really long time.
The most precious thing is fame very much
dogs will always be dogs. youre not salman youre a broker
will your this movie be able to break the record of bahubali record
will your this movie be able to break the record of bahubali record
what should i do to meet you
Bajrangi bhaijaan is awsome
greetings salman sir
before timing was 3:30pm 
but you had said 3:30 :(
Bhai plzzzz come fast
what should we do there is no wifi
salman you had said 3:30
its half an hour late
nahi baat karni hai toh abhi k abhi! nahi toh phir bajrangi bhaijaan ka trailer dekhne me busy hu :)
Sallu bhai doesnt reply to anyone and we like fools keep saying sallu bhai all the time
salaam sir how are you sir plz message me in inbox 
ok come in....but how salman bhai...i am not kidding
3:30 was the time
bhaijaan come fast on fb waiting 4 U
once salman bhai does any commitment then he doesnt listen to anyone ..Sir this is wrong waiting since yesterday
Bhai dont do this 
helo bhai whats up
Bhai bhai bhai bhai.......love u bhai.....
its said you never lie salman bhai 
bhai....... its not 4 yet.......do it at 3:30 only pls.....
sir its 11;30 am here right now I wont be able to talk when you come online plz talk to me like this with messages Ill have to get my young one from nursery too I live in london plz sir reply 
as you wish
Message whatever you want to say.. #Salmankhan
Pls dont be late than 4 pm Salman Khan
Omg  30 minuts more..
fill my basket
why dont you marry katrina ...? Sallu miya
AAH Salman i have to prepare food at 4 today  pls adjust it for tmrw dear its not possible today 11 am plz try to understand
bhai Salman Khan i have classes at 4pm  you said 3 before :(
you said 3:30 n now 4pm :'(
lets see brother
where will you talk
talk in inbox sallu
bhai the time was 3:30 
bhai you commitmented for 3.30pm to come why are you kidding now
Sir, Middel Class people dont have that much to talk to you ..directly... Salman Khan Sir.
is there any scene which is worth remembering in Bajrangi bhaijaan ????
hey atleast change the pic of 3:30
ok bhai as you say
these people dont have that much time for people like us
bhai dont speak lie salman khan is sitting w me here in delhi
why not now salman
amazing plz let the time pass fast
ok.bhai ive lot of questions...
dear friend....... lets do a thing........ lets talk at 4 only
Ok ..as you say
we are 17's whit
Sallu bhai im ghost fan
Really i am not dreaming? dear salman :p
Salman khan sir it was 3.30
Salman bhai plzzz come to Pakistan we will do a grand entry of you plzzzzz bhaiiii
Hiiii sallu bhai.. .how are you..bhaijaan...youve done great wonders in bollywood industry. .
how can we talk to you plz tell me plzzz?z?zzzzzzz?zz
Luvvv u luvvv u luvvv u
Salman bhai still waiting its 3:30 
I cant wait plze cmon mve fast bhaijaan
we can talk at midnight 12  ...you just come
greetings salaman bhai
you talk with all of us:-) ;-) :-D
hy sir how are you ?
sir when are you coming to Lucknow 
what is this sir talk plz
greetings bhia jaan even i am your fan
once you committed of 4:00pm then you dont listen to anyone:)
Luv u bhai jaan
who are you? Asaduddin owaisi sahab showed what you are.. you still didnt undderstand
Kya Salman bhai..i took a leave at job work today and now youll meet at 4.
what bhai i finished al my work to talk to you today at 3:30 and now you 4 pm.. okay fine its okay ill wait till 4 pm now :-)
amaze work you do bajrangi bhaiya so much wait ;-)
Bhai one question to you why didnt you use your real name in your movies till date
we are waiting since 2 pm 
nice work you do salman
I'm so excited salman bhai
#aaj #sabhi #superhits film.we shall go #bbthiseid #superdupar film
bhai talk directly to me
tell us why you dont come to lucknow 
do it now bajrngi bhaijan. .
# it is 4 and party is yet to get over.wow
bhaijaan where r u
oo beggar.....what did you tell me  you dont need muslims oh hello muslims dont need poeple like you
Mohammad Anish bhai owasi always wrong yaar and muslman and hindu both are one bcoz ramzan has ram and diwali has ali
wali qum Haslam....bhai ....! ramJaan Mubarak......! bajrangi bhaiJan....!
Help me bhai plzz help me
i wish to meet you Inshallah if i live then Allah will fulfil that wish also Inshallah...
give your whstapp number we will talk on that...
if i meet you once in life i will fulfil my entire life
pls remove a confusion for me by talking to me if you can..
Ok bhai i will talk to you it is really important
where what? i want to talk to you talk a lot
todays partys on you
Baba i think ill just keep waiting 
i am your great fan you help everyone help me once bhai plz bhai talk to me i miss u bhai
you dont know how much we love you
dont comment anything bad about Bhai plz
one day i took my cycle from village and came to meet you. i am right not in Julwania sir .
bhai tell me if i am in your help anytime first you
if you get time talk to me also...
Salman ji which is your favourite song from bajrangi bhaijan film?????
doggo! who will talk to you
Sallu jaan , happy friday
what should we talk to you bhai sahb you changed everything for us but still thanks for massage
when should we wait till there is a limit to it also
ahhhhhh i want to meet you pls baby lets meet no i want to see you i want to talk to you:-( :-( :-( :'(
bhai we dont care what other people talk about you we love you you aare our bro may allah make your movie hit jumma mubarak bhai good bye
Saloo bhai plz come to pakistan i cant come to india :D
talks of mind or heart......?
we shall do it we will do it ....we are your fan after all..
come fast plssss salluuuuuuu we all waiting for you since so long now
do you remember our meet or forgot about it
tic toc ..tic toc...yaar why is this time not moving..
sir how will i know that you are online how will we talk
7,600th like :)
at times you come to my heart
i will have only one question bhai jaan
is tonights night for salman khan s fans?
didnt you say 3:30
Hiiiii, is this a dream?
come its about to be evening
in your wait..luv u bhai
let people go againt we shall still watch the movie...because we know salman sir supports every religion and doesnt do any bad deed...love u salman sir
we will talk to you .i cant believe.
Bhaijan i'm big fan of ur.bhaija i follow you and wish to work like you.
Salman bhai have you fasted today for ramzan?
4 pm it is now isnt...........! :(
greetings happy friday sallu Darling...
Hai bhai you are our bajrangi bhaijaan
bhai jaan jai bajrangbali your movie shall be a fosho blockbuster
sir I love u sir we will wait hail Ganapati baba hail bajarangibhai Jan 
Bhai we are getting messages on whstapp about your movie is it true
Bhai idk if youll get this message or not but since a few days you have been getting your brain upset to be between the two boats its better if you also choose one side and be like shahrukh and aamir and be with alah hafiz
everyone says i am your great fan but imo i an not your fan i am your ac plz jzt 1 responce like cmnt just say my name once only 
i wish my wish is fulfilled....
Bhai jaan greeting do you have time
OK ill wait for you you should be real Salman khan then tell me how are you.....:) i wish to see you??
i came to mumbai two yeasr ago to see you but i tried a lot but couldnt
how are you dad sorry we were sleeping just woke up now sorry we are a little late but it sokay ets talk now.
if you reply to my comment then i will understand you replied to the entire pakistan and gave your love n respect to pakistan
I sent you a thing from pakistan i dont know if you got it or not 
My mom remembers you all the time bhai
will this really happen
Bhai you must have got a lot of comments but i want to tell you that visit my home on eid and have sewainya fiest and i want to tell you an important thing also i will wait for your reply 
why not 3:30
bhai happy friday to you and i wasnt going to watch your movie before but now i will becoz you talk to us on fb to us
do it fast my moon.
dont change the time bhai
I hate salman i hope you become flop this time ha ha this wont work in our city
hey dude its me speaking
you do great.when bhai will come people will talk obviously.waiting for the right time.
you are great,Bhaijaan......love u bhai,love u bhai,love u bhailove u bhai,love u bhai,love u bhai,love u bhai,love u bhai,-V E R Y MUCH....
may Allah keep you happy or and if you keep giving blockbuster Films like this and keep entertaining people like this then all our wishes will be with you...
Plzzz tell me what i send to you do you actually get it or not pls tell me atleast this much
how i want to talk to you too...
bhai just tell me once what it is
Oh ho when will it be 4pm
Bhai what will you talk
it is 4 now
wait for 18 min my frnd
we love you very much...thats all nothing much..
youre not a muslim change you name also keep it santi lal
sir plz keep me as your bodyguard only plz sir
will you support human being always ???
Han sallu bhai...do 2 abhijeet now pls....i was just kidding that day....what kind of friends have i made that they dont meet you...u r a philanthropist and he is misanthropist
Oh..ho really... #salman_sir idc if you talk or not but i just want to tel you that one time say #chhattishgadiya_sable_badiya .. I_love_u... i like you only you..
you talk wrong
what can you all do for Salman Khan sir 
you only tell me if these pictures are true or not
M sorry bhai i am a little busy at 4pm lets talk at night while having dinner 
live talks with Salman Khan  .... i feeel why do i dream so big at times  .....and youll talk wow.....
Brother come fast now
reaally is this possible Salman Khan
tell the trth are you fasting roza or not?
Bhai i want to meet you once love u bhai jaan
where will we talk bhai atleast tell us that
Bhai i have waited so much to talk to you pls....bhai pls talk to me I need ur help...pls i just want to talk to you once brother pls talk to me...bhai pls help me pls
today it is #Bhai s treat.
everyone come to bandra i will meet everyone there
its a really really tough job bhai
salman bhai ...... i lovee uuu i will sacrifice my life for you also
hello can i talk to you mr. salman khan ??
dont change timings again n again no otherwise people will forget you
oh salman bhai
Help me hlp me plzz bhai
thats what i want to talk to you something really important @BeingSalmanKhan
Bhai if he gives any commitment then he doesnt even listen to anyone
o really ,it will be fun , when will it be 4
oo stupid you guys are making it so much crowded here go away come on kids sit there silently dont make any noise bhai you meet everyone 1 by 1
i have a class in collge at 4 bhai jaaan :(
so much wait :O :(
Lv u bhai my salman bhai
how will you talk to everyone in one time
Bhai do it fast no
who will talk to you its better to talk to a dog than you
Bhai i am at fahara khan i should eat that and she is with me
wont you welcome me.???
how will i talk to you Bhaijaan.
i like you very much from childhood itself i have been watching you and will watch you till death i am a big fan. . . . from nepal
i will tell you all one thing .... Plz talk with respect
Bhaijaan I'm eagerly waiting
salman sir plz reply..my cmnt my dream wil cm true.. plz reply with my name
Bhai how much ever i have to wait for you i will wait
Bhai jan fast fast
Bhai do not upset us either
you had asked for 3:30, Mr wrestler
hi Bhai...now I can not wait anymore...need to talk to you
till when will we able to wait
its 4 o'clock already
Salman Bhai I am a very big fan of yours and I want to work with you in films
Bhai when will I talk to you
Bhai you are not fooling us, right? At 4 o'clock dont say 4:30 please
ok Bhai
Salman Bhai when will you marry?
where are you Salman Bhai...happy juma
if you people talk so much then Bhai will go away. i told you to sit quietly with your eyes closed and meditate while you think about Bhai
salman sir please can I make it 5pm please sir I can not talk to you at 4pm sir please sir
Neha dreams are good but remember dreams do not come true
hurry up I am fed up of waiting
I am a devotee of Bajrang Bali. I would rather die than lie
4 o'clock I will go out with my gf.. will not be able to talk to you
I know you have a habit of coming late... It will not start at 4 also probably
Hi Salman Bhai I am a very big fan of yours. Will you talk to me also please?
hahaha... feeling awesome
greetings to Sallu Bhai
hail Bhai
sir it's already 4, right?
send please
8 mints... love you Bhai... :*
call me, Bhai
today's party is on salman Bhai
Bhai please give cevap
I am a very very very big fan of yours
how much will you make us wait
should I tell you or stay quiet
7 mins left... waiting Bhai...
come lets talk to salman?
you wont listen like this. Only after a spicy breakfast you will listen.. then instead of shouting salman salman you will be shouting water water
I love you salman sir please talk to me
7 more minutes
our Bhai is everyone's prestige and pride
Bhai where are you?
these 7 mins don't seem to end. Bhai where are you come quick.
3:53 now
Bhai wouldn't have cancelled the meeting if he had given his commitment
Bhai at 4 will you talk to me on the page itself? I want to talk to you on your inbox my talk is very personal
6 minutes ago...waiting for indias super star salman khan
6 min Bhai
Bhai come quick
where are you dear I can't wait
5 minutes more
hi now it is 4 o'clock
Bhai we pray from the bottom of our hearts that your new movie bajrangi Bhaijaan be one of the best movies of the year
hello sir we are all waiting for you
please salman be sure to come online and talk to your fans please... please
greetings Bhai
3 mins only Bhai
help me broter please help me
honestly Bhai I have been waiting all day to get to talk to you
Bhai 5 minutes left
come Bhai you and us fans should party
5mnt left....yhoooooooo....salllluuuu
LISTEN EVERYONE BECOME QUIET Bhai IS ABOUT TO COME
Plz salman sir
Bhai 4 minutes
Are you listening... please come now :)
Fill my void Salman Bhai
Bhai, coming?
Sallu today I am not going without talking to you
how os it possible.. and how Bhai
Bhai what are you coming to do?
greetings Bhai
okay you can come online at 5 but please come
fulfill my dream once Bhai
friend the internet here is very slow sorry
I am the biggest fan of Salman Khan
Can you speak Bengali?
hey bajrangbali may I get just one reply today
Sir I am a very different kind of fan of yours. I heard you got kidnapped
Sallu Bhai come now please
Bhai please please come quick
hi Salman Bhai I am Sameer a cold breeze of wind
Bhai please type my name once and say hi, please Bhai?
today I had to get admitted but couldn't find a bed hence did not get admission. That is why I came here. :) :) :)
Bhai come 
Sallu has come on fb
3:58.. oh can't wait
Salman sir, do you like haleem?
I want all your good wishes, fans
Bhai where are you?
My heart is beating for you... for every moment I and my family wishes for you... Doesn't matter what the rest of the world says... we wish you and your family always stay happy
Bhai 2 minutes
Bhai how will you reply to everyone?
come please
Hi. I am a big fan of yours. I want your photograph with your autograph. I want to know the secret to your beauty
Think whether you want to stop talking or start a story :v
Start now please
sir 2 minutes left
5pm he will talk directly to me
Hi Sallu Bhai I am your biggest fan...Can you tell me which acting school you learnt acting from... please Bhai tell me
Bhai we are waiting
Sir I want to meet you atleast once in life
I have also written letters to you... hopefully they reach you
My wishes are with you
where are you salman?
Bhai you are great
my wait is done salman... but there are no signs of you
eid mubarak in advance Salman Bhai
Bhai it is past 4 where are you Bhai? Reply please
it is past 4... come now
Bhai it is already 4 where are you? greetings
today's party on fb is by Bhai
Bhai, regarding your movie bajrangi Bhaijaan, some fools are saying rubbish about it and there has been an appeal to get it banned in Ahmedabad. What do you have to say about this Bhai?
I am from Bangladesh and I want you to come to Bangladesh atleast once
Ok sallu 2 minutes more at the latest
Oh how will we know you are online
Sir I am from Jodhpur I will wait for you at the airport then I also have to give something to you
please tell me Mr Salman
I don't know about the others but all my wishes are for you
Greetings Salman, Jumma mubarak ho. How are you?
it is almost 4
Salman Bhai will you video chat
Just one minute left
Hi how are you... tell me why do you not come to Lucknow and if you do then please inform me
What did you talk Shashi?
Just 1 more minute
How will I get to know that you have come
Salman sir please I want to meet you... I want to see you once... I am a very big fan of yours... I really like you... I like your nature
Bhai it is 4 already but the party is still left
1 minute Bhai
I want to take just one selfie with you
You have a long line of people liking you... you probably won't see me there :(
Come Bhai
Bhai COME NOW
You were also looking very handsome and the kid was also very cute. Charming song. I had so much fun. :) :) :)
Hello salman sir.
I will go for the first day first show for bajrangi Bhaijaan
Bhai where are you?
where are you
How are you Bhai? Eagerly waiting for 17th
Bhai has come
Bhai it is already 4. just once please
it is past 4 but still have to talk
yes Bhai please come
please come sir if you lie know that you would have lost an amazing fan like me
Do atleast 3 movies every year salman Bhai
hello salman sir
Will you talk like this in comments?
Bhai I am talking from very far
salman I found one thing about you really good
how will we talk so many people want to talk
please help me how will I chat with Salman Bhai on fb page
Salman Khan Bhai how will we be able to talk to you
Greetings Bhai
it is 4 already you still have to come
our Sallu Bhai is everlasting :)
it is 4 already but Sallu Bhai still has to come
Bhai come quick
it's 4'o clock
Salman please talk
Bhai please come quick
Bhai you are very nice may Allah keep you happy always
it's been 1 minute extra please come Bhai
Hail Salman Bhai. Blessings to bajrangi Bhaijann.
it's 4pm already Bhai
it is past 4 Bhai
Okay now I am going... you should not lie Salman sir
it is past 4 now Bhai :-* <3
it is 4 already sir
it is 4 already now come
it is 4 already but where is Salman Bhai
where are you Bhai?
it is already 4 salman
Bhai where are you?
Take a selfie and set it as your profile picture because there are a lot of ID's by the name of Salman Khan
come quick Bhai I have to go for namaz
hello Bhai
Bhai come now it's time already
see it is past 4 but you are yet to come
it is past 4 liar
it is past 4pm
where are you Bhai? come now I can't wait
it is 4 already but the party is still left
Please reply sir
where are you Bhai?
it is past 4 but Bhai is yet to come
Someone is making a fool of us. Salman is not so free that he will chat with us. This is a fake account
Bhai where are you?
please listen
sir it's 4 please come
Bhai I am a very big fan of yours from Pakistan, Sindh, Karachi
In India it is past 4. If you are in London then I don't know
Bhai I have only one dream in life.. a selfie with you
Hello Salman Bhai...
Bhai dont ditch us
Mr Pandey you amaze me, where are you?
Bhai if you didn't have to talk then you could have just refused. My phone's battery is also low now... :(
Bhai where are you?
sir if you wish then talk to me once
must have talked to everyone
it's past 4 but Bhai still hasn't come
Bhai made a fool out of everyone hahaha
help me Bhai please help me
Salman Khan won't come he is making a fool out of everybody
IT'S 4 ALREADY
Hi Salman I am from Mardin and we bollywood fans here in Turkey love you. Come to Turkey, come to Istanbul muah. We love you Salman Bhai muah. My favorite film is Chori Chori Chupke Chupke.
Sallu Bhai quick we will have loadshading here.
Bhai where are you?
Come now please
Bhai I am feeling sleepy
When will you come?
Bhai where are you?
Bhai post please
Hail Bajrang bali
Salman sir is it really you or is someone making a fraud of us it is past 4
Bhai it is 4 where are you
Salman Bhai how will you talk to us Bhai?
Bhaijaan believe it or not I am your biggest fan. My life is yours.
brother please talk to me do not break my heart
it is 4 already but the party is still left
It's 4pm sir
Brother stop pranking us come fast
Salman Bhai my Bf loves you more than me and that is why I love her because she loves you more than me
Sallu bhai please come now
bajrangi bhaijaan go to the official page to talk
Bhai will you make us cry. Come already
Bhai please show the film of the song Aaj Ki Party
Once I have committed then I don't listen to myself also! ;-)
It's time already where are you?
Bhai how is your Being Human trust going?
Bhai I want just a reply once where are you sir?
Not now Bhai
I never miss even one of your films. Whether I go to the theatre for anyone else's films or not I always go for your films atleast 2-3 times with my friends
Bhai has come Bhai has come
Someone tell me where is everyone commenting. Will he talk even?
It is 4pm already, where are you?
Sallu Bhaijaan which song from #BajrangiBhaijaan do you like the most?
it is 4 already come now Bhai
Salman sir please talk to all of us
What kind of a movie is Bajrangi Bhaijaan?
Where is Salman bhai?
What's up my friend? Will you do a movie with me?
You amaze me Mr Pandey. It is 4 already and you still haven't come
Love you bhaijaan. I am always in wait for you, for a glimpse of you and for your movies. I pray Allah keeps you happy and safe.
4pm Salman where are you?
Sir you took 2 minutes extra, now you will have to talk this much extra :*
Salman time is over come on fb now
Its 4:02pm
please Bhai say something about BB
Bhai have you taken us for fools? Where are you?
Why are you not replying Sallu Bhai please reply
I like you more than the entire world
Hello anyone there?
4 in India or 4 in pk?
Your favorite footballer?
Bhai must be busy on his second site but will come for sure
Hello big brother
Sallu bhai where did you go?
This is not Salman's real profile
Beingsalmankhan where are you... come now :)
it is 4 already but the party is still left... that too of Salman bhaijaan
1 reply sir please
Let's start Bhai
Where are you now?
How much time more?
Sir it is 4 already
Sallu Bhai ramzan mubarak from my side
Bhaijaan where are you
Sir... where are you... you are not shooting, are you?
Where are you
its 4:03pm
What are you doing Salman
Bhai I am keeping roza, come fast :'( :'( :'(
Bhai profile picture is awesome don't change it
it's 4:03
Bhai it's past 4
Salman where are you
Biryani here in Bhopal is good
it's past 4 bhaijaan
Bhai was it a prank?
it's past 4 but Salman did not come. :/
it's past 4 but Bhai is not here
it's past 4 but where is Mr Salman
Hello sir how are you
Bhai will you really reply to our questions
Has some pranked us
Do you keep roza during ramzan?
Bhai tell me when will you marry otherwise I will also die unmarried
it's past 4 but Sallu sir's entry is still left
come sir it's long past 4
bajrangi bhai got scared this Eid it seems
I hope you will definitely reply. You will never break the heart of your fans
Bhai come now I can't wait
Bhaijaan is your driving license made yet or not?
Bhai give them spicy samosas they are shouting so much
yes Bhai please first with me
Just wait, it's not necessary that if he has said 4pm then it will be 4pm
Sir how will I get a reply among so many people
4:05 already
Every second 300 people comment
Sir please please
Let's talk on a new status ;)
it's past 4 Bhai
I'm refreshing continuously but Bhai is not replying
Long live Salman Bhai and may his enemies soon die. Who all agree with me?
4:02 IST where are you? I am here you are there... life is where?
hi Salman Bhai
Come quick and give time to your fans sometime
Sir it's past 4 when will you talk
You lied. if you are such a liar how will your fans trust you. He isn't Sonakshi Sinha that he will tell the truth
At bajrangbali's time, kavi doesn't lie, then how did you say it ?
watch brother's film will be super hit
hello salman khan...how are you..??
brother has come hail hail bajrangbali
brother its 4 o'clock
where are you brother
go liar....didn't answer one question
brother give me your whatsapp no. do it everyday
I know it'll be difficult for you to reply to everyone
Sir Ali quli mirza and Najeem Khan are in bajrangi brother
I used to find your movies the worst earlier from wanted I found your movies the best bro
I pray to god only one thing that please get me to talk to salman khan sir hey god let me meet salam khan sir. brother life pls. wheting.
brother the thing with muslim is true or fake please reply sallu brother
brother did so many comments reply only on one plz plz plz
I am superman fan of salman
Please mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answerPlease mother swear answer
but im confused... then why did you make a fake post here  :/
what is this!!
love you salman... will you really talk to everyone.. lv uuuuuuuuuuu sooooooooooo mch.......
nr 1 salman
bhai realy hurt jab nahi aana tha toh kyu kaha tha u know me ana study chodhkar  1 hour s msg kar rahi mera exam hai kal phir bhi bye :( :(
now while typing fingers started hurting
when 1 lakh people write love you love you how will you reply poor you
brother you are a helpful person everyone know that but in your vision who is a helpful person
brother your movie's name is pavan kumar and my real life name is pawan kumar, so i will watch this movie for sure, to get motivated, i just have one request, please like my dp! Movie will be blockbuster for sure.
This was not expected did your internet end
Salman Khan sir will we get to see something new in bajrangi bhaijaan
Salman Khan sir will we get to see something new in bajrangi bhaijaan
Hii..Salman brother I'm saying from now that your Bajrangi Bhaijaan is a hit film... What do you say????
sir I am not doing any q plz give me your number brother plz
Wow 40,000 cmnts keep it up map people nobody is going to come
where r uu...bhaiii ...plzz one rplyy mustt onlyy onee:-(
brother life i am a big fan of yours sir i keep thinking whether i will get to meet you some day or not i only have one wish in life that i meet you once
A lot of congratulations for eid, and BAJRANGI BHAIJAAN is coming on the screen on 17 me and my family everyone will go to watch, and I prat most people watch this film and it goes beyond the 200 corore club. BEST OF LUCK. BEING HUMAN
Sala kutta kamena amara time west kara tia salman
had a lot of fun after chatting
salman bhai asslam alykum
brother you are hurting hearts of children why do you not come
brother now it is 5 o'clock come when you are free I can wait for the whole night... iam big fan
what nonsense this is yar
has it not been 5pm yet?
did your watch shut down brother ....I also had one bad watch like yours. I sold it on OLX
salman brother please give us also a chance to talk thanks.
salman brother please give us also a chance to talk thanks.
Reply plz brother
Reply plz brother
how to do live chat
Salllluuuu i love u....plzzzz once let us meet you...plzzzzzz
Dongiri will happen when salu brother(Salman) nd GuRu brother(Hemant) both will be together
brother you don't give me a chance bt for us rply
brother waiting eagerly for you...Plsss come fast, 3:30pm to 4pm and now it is 5pm. Phn in the hand, on your page waiting for you.
Fake fake fake fake
now it is 4 40.....
brother do not waste your time nobody is going to get a reply
Salman plz reply
among so many people how will you talk to us?? :-(
brother will you come after namaz of Asr
baat online kr rhe the bhai...abhi 5 bje khtm hua h
Salman sir came to know you spend a lot of time in the gym these days..? how much truth is in the statement? if it is true then then for which new movie are you making a body
Fake fake ....fake this is fake. Did everyone hear?
you could only find the name of a non-believer
Salman plz  plz  fulfill my 1 wish
plss salmAn rply kr do ....<3
plz do not make cmnts frnds
brother bajrangi is like this......
seems you are very busy but please you should have told once sir
bahi,, how are you??
tiger is very busy now.. dont disterb cat
Jodhpur aaoge jab milo ga...mai ab..kaha jaoge mujse bach ke..saadi gali tu ana hi padega
Sir you did not reply !!
Reply brother come fast
he does not have the time, how will he keep roza salman brother
when will you talk salman ji we are watitng ..pls rply....
brother when you come please reply to me am waiting\
It is not possible for you to reply to everyone persanaly so you said thanx to everyone together..its good..
rinky kumari he is salman and not alva
its amazing why are you making us wait
you do as much as you can Salman your bajrangi bhaijaan will be a flop insaallah
who all will you reply to salman...uffffff....who like salman a lot give it to them
Salman bhaaaiiiii ilovee uuu alooottt...
brother some comments will go beyond 50000 now say hello hye bye zzzzzzzzz
swear on god did not have this much excitement on the class12 result day
salman brother where are you why are you not replying
brother seems you are very busy nobody is but that much
salman sir will you not be talking or do you not have time
it is 5 but you did not talk angry with you kamal kartay ho yar
brother plzz come ajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi Jai bajrang bali break enemy's pipe
yes go go who is stopping you
someone.. give your number before going sallu brother...
this is amazing Salman ji did not even come
wtng for ur rply ....plz
hy brother, Have one wish in life hug you once
brother have one request In the mid of the movie in the intrrval instead of showing the promo of a film show the video of #SwachhBharat given by you. From which indians become aware about clean India. brother plz reply once
arbaaz also said the right thing you are less puntual
brother come to hisar, haryana
give me also one reply brother
Paya Thakur nahi ata vo tum ko kuch kam hai kya to kar ke ajo
kaha pe karinge baigan ;)
sir don't have paise for tickets send 2 tickets
ye  l0... server d0wn
Reply krdo bhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai
said 3.30 and now its about to be 5.30 have not come till now how much should we wait till salman. i really love u salman 
brother my phone's battery will become low because of making so many comments
Hiiii I am your biggest fan.....                      ????????
you are not talking. promised you would talk
come salman to meet me
does someone see so many comment.
sir will you come to indore for promotion
see friends Salman brother will surely reply even if he is late
4:pm din b to bataae nah bahi ? bewakooof banaadiyaaa bahi apne to
Apki ek mve ko itni bheed me ladke tck lekar or dosto ki bheed leke 3 3 time mve dekne jata hu or ap ho ki...
Is baar ni hua katti bt nxt time jarur ho jauga...love u bhaijaan.......mmmmuuuuuuaaaaahhhhhhhh
you are my fvrt but you reply
waited a lot not anymore....bye...angry with you
Hiii sir, want one chance to meet you
brother will you get married or will die a abachelor
its a fake id
brother I waited a lot but seems like you are very busy it is fine surely reply tomorrow tomorrow is a school holiday too pls brother
oh bhai mere luck kitnakharap twtr nahe ho raha
brother now my net pack is about to ebd
you do good acting
Hihihi salman is making everyone an owl
he is talking on live india
Bhai k sath apun kab se baat karnay ka soch hi raha tha..Whats  App pr aah jana..
my talk happened..... A biggggg thanks sallu :-*
Huhhh Waste our time ..... from 4:40 to 4:00 and don't know your whereabouts
brother I want to meet you once brother please please
what should I talk ??  what is happening with Hindu in Bangladesh... what will happen by talking ??
Sir baat kr lo plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
sir this will be a national tragedy if you do not reply to fans today ;)
first I want to meet
how much money will bajrangi earn
Direct baat salman khan sir ke sath wooooooooo
do some msg Salman Khan
Aate aaz bhai
hlo  salman sir
Pagalo aa gae bus chalo ghus jao bus me jiyada aur rahy yaha to phir apka koi ilaj nhi
did not expext this from you brother.  . broke everyone's hear :-(
where have you dispappeared give a reply
because we love you so much
everyone losten salman brother will come at 10 o'clock at night
what will we talk
salman brother I want to help the poor and people who don't get food and clothes with all my power with you.....plzzz help and support me a little plzzz
elder brother I will be satisfied only after I talk to you
Kya baat kya baat kya baat.....!!!!
friends do you really think this is salman brother's id
salman sir is sleeping....don't disturb
give an answer...?? :( :( #livechatwithsalmankhan
don't know when I will also have good luck and I will also meet brother..O God. Mercy..:-) <3
hello sallu brother...
Salman brother will come at 10 in the night. Mob no of salman khan is 9999999999 it is real
if maine pyar kiya had reliesed today how hit it would have been?
he is very busy in some work that is why did not come must have though work will be over by then but the work may not have completedso was not able to come
loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee uuuuuuuuuu salmaannnnnnnnmnmm sir
sir have one dream want to meet you once
I do not wait as much for opening my fast as much I wait for one post of yours ....plzz reply  karain maharbani apki bhtt bhtt
Asslawalecom salman bhai..
hlo sir say something
salman brother where are you
Salman brother you are about to complete 50000 comments
hamay tu muqa bh nahi mila
OK bye bye seems like it's just fun .
brother flipped on what you said...... this can not be in your nature.... your P.A is spoiling your name
sallu yar it is 6 o'clock..
if you reply to me then 'party of today from my side'
salaam sir how are you where are you plz come
Aayesha Khan stop this business here
meet once remember again and again
Logo Uallu bna Aata hai bus 4 se 6 bje gye hai kha ho Tum....
Salman brother where are you ...... it is 6 o'clock now if 1 hour goesit will betime for iftar please give one reply,, please brother ........
plz rply kro naAAA:<
It is a fake comment no one is going to come no one got a reply at 4 o'clock lie
come brother why are you being shy
brother where are you we will diw
you guys are wasting your time no one is going to come
is this really the id of salman khan.........!!!!!!it may be fake
when will you get married :(
i am not powerful enough to steal you from the world
am d biggest fan of uaz... n d WORLD........... <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
I wish god gives you heaven brother life. 
Loveeee youuuuuu salman brother. may you get married fast. and the lord gifts you a sweet baby
are you fasting ??
how did you find the teaser of FAN
Everything is absolutely amazing
Ohh aaj mara bhai roja #tc
salman brother you have been kidnapped it is coming on tv
dhbrother when will you make a blockbuster entry.......i m waiting 4 uuuuuuu
brother sallu your pic will be amazing I have complete trust on this statement..Just talk to me
good evening Mr. khan ... I am a very very big fan of yours..i love u so much brother..... may the lord save you from every evil eye and keep you healthy always...  love u brother.....
Breaking news see this man with concentration who has made everyone helpless to wait
brother tell the numver
did you forget after making a commitment
salman khan said for yesterday check again
It seems to me that this salman will never give a reply
did brother come
Salman brother I want to meet you...i am ur big big big fan...
Auno Bhojani teri amma ki chodu replay kaiku kara sale
still wait 4 bje kha ab time 6 hone wla
kia hova bhai dya hova time katam ho gya
sir it has been 2 hours ans didn't come
sir no one makes their girlfriend wait this much do not know why you are not giving an ans
brother I am from pakistan i am a big fan of yours
hi salman sir how are sir I am a very very very big fan of yours i love you salman sirummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmh
brother say something
Salman sir when will you come online again plz tell us... otherwise I will be awake the whole night and wait for you. Plz brother 1 reply.....
salman say that you told musahalmano this or not because i liked you a lot and i will like you only if you did not say this think please reply for sure 
this movie will not work brother
brother how much more will you make us wait....
Sir ? plz come to odisha for promotion
now do after iftari if you want to chat...
elder brother i miss u you did not talk let it go no problem
are you really talking or are we being happy for no reason..??
Woooooo WO kasy? Muje ap sy bt krne hy.kasy plz btyan.
brother g when wwill you come online
is this the same salman whohum ko chelange kya h
Sir it not fair RAMJAN KA MAHINA HA PICHA RAH GAE HM sayad mukadar me nh tha !
if Salman khan is a muslim then he should repent to the lord and apologise for his crimes otherwise he will not get a place in the world and in the afterlife
who has the bravery of not giving salman a place in the world. salman's fans are with salman
who love salman do not love islaam
brother je ram ram. and where are you it is 4 o'clock
brother came or not till now
sallu bhai what happened
sirrr you are onlin sirrr
bajrangi brother is making an owl?
it felt goof to talk to you
did you really come.....i can't believe....
we are devotees of bajrang bali and we never lie .....why brother ...
if you do not give a replay I will eat maggy
bhai ka uper cmnt aya he
whichever phone you use that is a useless phone......is not able to display my message...otherwise you would have replied.... 
salman sir you did not come to talk :(
someone tell us salman cme or not someone is saying chat happened but where?
there is something in the person... who lives in the hearts of so many people....
aab bas karoooo salman ji
if I had really gotten to to talk to you then I would have gone mad with happiness
what Sallu did you forget a friend?
brother congratulations on ed
After calling us where did you go
salman brother gift me a car ?
we are suffering to see a glimpse of you
there is no respect of us fans' feelings
you amaze us panday ji you are making all fans wait this much
Love u salman we have been waiting for a long time
Slaman brother give me a small roll in your dabang three
brother which is your best film .
Salman dear bye aftari kerte ha hum prr melinge...
Last replyyyyy plzz plzzz plzzzz
do not have to listen to any of the dog's statements
Hlw, bajrangi brother
congratulations from the geart for bajrangi bhai jan sir
msg once brother
what is this its not even 3 min video and only 2 questions i will send him on twitter now
everyone is saying fake id fake id. you should proove that it is you
brother plz tell plz bhai one comment
hi brother I also want to become an actor
where is the reply
Salman bhai aap meri coments path te he
brother i m aslo big fan of you .. i am frm kasmirr  ..how was your experience in bajrangi bhaijaan ..and that after shooting in kashmire nd pls replyy and how did you find our kashmir
what yr I also missed #uhh
do not make us wait come or say will talk tomorrow
what luck does this guy have ..that thousands .. crores .. people .. die for him
NAMASTE SALMAN BROTHER :) I AM BIG FAN YOU SUPERSTAR BAJRANGI BAJHAAN VERY VERY BEATUFIL END SALMAN KHNAN VERY VERY VERYVERY VERYY HANDSOME SALMAN KHAN SUPERSTAR (  ??GOLDEN HEART MAN ?? ) I LOVE YOU :) ????
Radhika Medan- except only salman eceryone will call you.. ;) :)
brother you are making fun I know
how are you brother I am going to watch the first show of bajrangi bhaijaan with my gf
lol admin is a atention seeker made the post so that he gets comments >_<
the pride of our country, the dreams of our heart, the life of eveyone salman brother
salman brother,....want to talk to him,....just want to say ur moive will superhit.....
mohommed ji has salman really been kidnapped by someone pls tell....
Being a muslim you call a muslim a brute. .. be scared of god. ... all this money everything it will stay here .. be scared of god
did salman reply guys
you have to be lucky to talk to salman
Maahi baghel aram se
salman ji did you forget you have a son??
Salman sir where.....are you. we were going to talk to you na
brother you made a good joke today :-W
there is no value of us fans
salma sir why did you not come online
Inha Allah it will be a blockbuster brother this time 300 cross beyond bajrangi bhaijaan
what happened brother you did not complete your statement got stuck in some work or forgot about us
Hi salman khan ! Plz reply to someone.......
no one can answer my question ;)
brother plz take some time out for us too we also want to talk to you
Oh jalwa jaha bhi hoga baha bhi hoga kya aapka hi jalwa jalwa jalwa
Your most fans are in Hyd salman we will surely see bajrangi brother
Madar Salman the film won't work
Sallu brother why is your heart going garden garden roday....??? there is some problem....
Salman bhai loves us....so dnt be disappointed. ...one day everyone will get a chance to meet brother...
you love me yes then why
sakunga I pray to you only to meet you soon
brother surely must have some work
????????kaise piche pad gaye re......
plz help prem patel plzzzzz.
salman ji what is it you are not giving replies. plzzz give me spme attention too
woow you have been on fb since 1988 but I came in 2001 :)
there is an alligation on you that you called muslim wrong dod uou really say it my heart does not agree that you said something like this
tomorrow wait till 4pm, today's day has passed, idiot, girls are complete complete idiots
Sallmu brother please give a reply to that girl its a question of my respect plz..plz..plz..
salman sir we're waiting till now plz come now
md.intjar.malik. bajrangi.bhijane. .i love.you. (786). bhijane.apki.film. no: 1 hogi.
where are you please come
without muslims also this film will be a hit
md.intjar.malik. bajrangi.bhijane. .i love.you. (786). bhijane.apki.film. no: 1 hogi. bhijane.mujko call.karo. 8868026194.
sir come all your fans are waiting for you plz come plz....sir give one big msg reply after taking out time
muslims when they want to be friends or want to get together with hindus they come wearing shirt-pant aand without a cap....and when there is tension with hindus then they come wearing kurta pazama and wearing a cap you must have seen it...why so???
brother when will you comr
brother my no  9933742434
Salman Sir give one reoly brother
it isn;t 4 o'clock yet which watch are you using,,
I don't feel like seeing your face also
where brother
Salman why didn't you come
We have gotten tired waiting for you our fingers are also hurting after typing
wait has gone on interminably, no news has come of salman brother
why should we talk? In what?
brother brother brother where
Khushboo Tripathi,,, Say I love after applying Khushboo
Salman sir just told the time not the date when he tells the date then all of you come to comment okay.CLOSE IT
dekhate abhi tum hamare liye time dete ho kya to
brother will you come to raipur
brother messed up
at least false hopes but tell us when will we meet again
brother is there so there is no sadness
say something brother
sir we sent more then 200 msgs pl say something to 1
say brother.. yar
sir I've been at it since 4 o'clock give some reply
you stay pretty busy uncle. ....
Aslam if you are the biggesr fab then am I the smilest fan on salman khan
missed it brother
Salman brother you haven't hurt just mine but all your fans' hearts
Salman brother please talk to me plz plz plz
brother plz release bajrangi brother on 6000screen
Plz sallu help him you take everyone's prayers plzz his too
salman why aren't you getting married
plz sakman g you help everyone do it for this helpless too for your mom
Hiiiiiiiii Salmannnnnnnn ji my mother is your BIGEST fan I want to talk to you
brother where are you lost
give at least 1 reply
Neeta you do one thing marry salman
Assalam walaikum. how are you salman khan, congratulations on Ramzan hu....
sir eveb after saying gud ni8 I'm still doing comment after comment head is also hurting
so what do you want
salman why don't you ever get movies with good interesting stories like shahrukh and amir get
who are you talking to
sir should I die messaging you
Dishta Jeetoo salman does not reply makes our heart broken
who are you talking to
Hiiiiiii salman sir
these days each one goes around being salman khan
who wants to talk to you who being a muslim does not respect muslims
now you are saying too much..think before you speak otherwise...
go away pervert
brother don't think about you too much you come in the heart not at 4pm on fb...
oh god you still have not come salman :(
so many commt. brother is reading all the comments that's why isn't getting time to come
Bajrangi bhaijaan will reach the 100 cror club on day 2
are scrooge ji today to all of them make everyone happy you can at least do this don't be a scrooge today plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz salman khan plzzzzzzzz
gud ni8 brother
no benefits yarro .. everything is fake
I will surely not go to see Bajrangi Bhaijaan friends you also don't go
at least someone tell finally what is happening here
why should I say tiger khan..?
salman won't come everyone go to sleep
Nikita Islam Sunati bhai tum ye fake id se kyu pagal bana raha hai yaar in ladko ko
salman sir the whole day has gone by you did not come :(
Sana khan add me
Sana your fake salman khan has come hahaha....
Hahah okay its your choice bye
keep going sallu brother
okk brother say something..
Hellow salman brother....
brother why do you show us a dream brother we are just your fans
you are saying oh its fake if he comes for real then how will you recongise hahaha
friends why do you all want to see salman khan. ...???
brother where are you
salman gave a rly and left see at the back friends
someone said something to brother
I'm here only brother
where is salman
everything is good.... :)
I have come...salman's fan...won't you welcome us
how are you saying that he was fake
plz cm brother...we are all waiting for you
Sir I'm going to mumbai....will surely go near your house
good everyone tell who is brother's biggest fan
Is making a film without fasting.... is eating food of Haram
brother does not give us any life....we are not girls yarr
help meee salman khan
some idiot said this to you. you make your fans wait like this you should get 2 slaps from my side to him who gives such advice for free
Sir ji where did you stop now please come fast
sorry year... sara then salman khan kiy sathe mere thenb barbat... :'(
Salman Khan your heart is really like pure water
Salmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan come I've been waiting for you for 4 hours
I'm very excited for your upcoming movie
sallu cheated
oye fake id #salman_khan you have a public #acount ... if you are real reply from the #page
what brother ouvesi why are you angry with everyone
if you weren't going to come was it necessary to say :(
my son likes you a lot
Plz ply ply plz plz salman sir 1 reply
now mulliyas have also started using fb
oh god salman if you weren't going to come then why did you say it earlier
these useless people have this work only can't see anyone as good
Hallo salman brother ....
life long wait brother.....in this world only for you
Salman your pride will also break you aer proud of your film but see on the day of eid no muslim will come to see your film old man has become 50...
ASSALAMALIKUM.....ap ki aesi jo aadhri dowaye hai jo ramzan k sadk puri ho jaye..............RAMZAAN MOBARAK
who thinks that brother did not come open this link and see how many people he answered livestream.com/fblive/salmankhan
when will it be your 4 o'clock salman? ??
what you say you do not do that 
why good night now, fun is still left!!#sunati 
pandey ji you were amazing you were going to talk at 4.00pm dwas it 4o'clock for you or not
Love you salman brother ...missing. .you ..salman brother
Hum cahtiha ki vai, ek bar ake sobko jalak lagadea
may you get our age also, we are such big fans
today you have hurt us all a lot salman...this was not expexted if you by anyone :-(...bt m also luv u salman...:)
brother give a reply are you chootiya or not
we also want to talk to you so plz plz one reply plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz-1000;))
Ae fake salman Khan he Salman Khan and toger khan are one person who are using 2 2 accounts sassery wasted our time
brother if you so like this then we won;t go to see bajrngi bhaijan
and sakman brother you made a chootiya movie
say anything...if there is salman brother's  biggest fan in the whole world...then it is ...my brother Sachin Pujari.....till the time salman brother did not meet him in his life once...then whom did he meet in his life...
try meeting once...you will be stunned...
swaer to god salman khan if you do not talk to us then after today I will never see even one of your films why don't you come
Nu cred ca ii fb lui salman khan
plz rpy jst wnt to meet u once hope u cme kolkata once
first tell one thing friends salman asked to come on twitter or fb???
i think salman has said it for twitter because this post from salman has been taken from twitter.....sp what are we doing here
this is salman sir's fake id because it is not possible that salman sir would know how to write sat shree akal :-)
salu brother everyone's brother salman brother,,My Supar kahn Salman khan bajrangi bhaijaan will be a more superhit than kick,
Becoming Salman khan a lot of people have sent fake msgs here.... but we will always love the real hero salman khan
salman said this for twitter because salman's this post has been taken from twitter.....then what are we doing here
salman sir for u box in a box cake in the box my sweet salman sir one in crores
you don't talk to anyone
this page is not fake its just that fake people come in it pretending to be salman but this page is right this is salman sir's id
salman you won't be saved now till the time you don' reply i'm not going to leave you
salman brother I am waiting for you till now
go to sleep pooja salman is not going to come why are you spoiling the night
Pooja go to sleep brother is not going to come
are brother salman is going to come here on twitter but will someone tell me because in this post twitter or fb has not been mentioned
hhaha don't make jokes your phone is coming off salman brother
Salman brother went to sleep after drinking a big bottle of desi Heheheh
Salman brother i knw ur a big celebrity but we also should get the right to talk to you !
Hiii Salman sir I want to meet you plzzzzz sir I'm a big fan of yours....<3
Sale why are you going crazy chootiyao salman has left
Baba ji at least you go to sleep why are you spoiling your sleep in old age
missss u salman
brother how is ramzan going
brother the movie is going to go so much that it'll be a record
Sir pls how do we contact you pls ????
what happened to your promise...we had heard that once you make a commitment then you don't even listen to yourself say sallu brother..what happened. of the promise of talking today
why did you do this
that is not what I meant the name is good Salmanji get married now...:D
lovee uuu salluuuu
bajrangi brother come fast in cinema halls
lv u salman brother
bhai apku sath Katrina ko film mere bohut ppochondo
Hello "BAJRANGI BHAIJAAN"
Salman g are habe you kept a fast?
Ok salman brother!!!!
ok boss your wish is my command
as salam walekum salman g all your fans know that you can never hurt anyone I pray to god he saves you from all problems and evil sight also
wherever it goes becomes hit after hit only sallu brother
Salman Khan I'm waiting for you pliz
who smears muslims we will trample him remember it whoever it may be
Salman brother hail
what yar you should get married now your youth is also getting over
when are you getting married want this news now
Chup chootiya jaakay shahrukh ka signature style perform kar shahrukh k tattay
Asalamwalaikum sallu brother don't take people's statements to heart whatever happens I am with you ok ur the great brother great handsof 2 u luv u sallu brother
Ye pakistani bchchi ko ap pakistan apno se milate hain dil khush hojata h dekh kar pori film dekhy gye to mza ajay ga sir
I am also an actor ret to song and drama. I will be in ghaziabad so will miss it had I been in delhi would've surely watched it thanks
Asalmwale coom brother
bajrangi brother how are you
Hlo sir will you ever talk to me I want to share something with you
Asalam u alekom salman brother
niceeeeeeee loveeeeee you brother
brother you are the best bajrangi brother will be ATBB ;)
Salman brother I have something important to talk
yes we have trust brother
sir at least talk once please sir
brother you are awesome
India's dignity and pride one only one salman khan
I want to marry you
will you marry me salman g
I have a good movie for you
I wait very impatiently fir your movie or bigg boss
welcome bajrangi brother
alwys wth u
we know brother that all that was fake
I lv #salmAN <3<3
Salman brother I am from Pakistan I am a very big fan of yours and I want to meet you this is my wish
Yess... brother... we are always with you.. whatever happens... love u sir g..
sir do you fast
brother film will be a hit haters will get a face breaking answer
brother want to see the film with you bajrangi brtoher
This is the work of the people who are jealous of you 
Salman my kid will be name after you where did the blue mark go
<3 iloveee yooou
do not take tension #BHAIJAAN.
millions of voices millions of statements
love uu salluuu
will go to the theatre and see bajrangi brother thrice
Bummprrr hittt in saahALLAH....
I m frm Pakistan a very very very big fan of yours
brother ram ram
Sir Ji  sometime share something about fasting or namaz
brother those followers of owaisi are the ones spreading the fake news
I never believed these rumours brother
why did you do that yeasterday
do not take tension brother there is no lacking of your fans they will surely see the film
you did a good thing by updating the post I had alsi=o started believing the msgs.... now I got relieved that you did not say that salman :))
brother give a statement in the medio .....sale who are they to spread rumours.....
GUD NYR BROTHER
brother why doesn't it matter to me
salman khan u r my god father...if you had not been there I would have been nothing..
We will surely see your movie..
first learn the meaning of islam properly and you teach it to your father also
WE ARE ALWAYS WITH YOU BROTHER FOR YOU LIFE IS HERE
just the heart should be calm whatever the world may say
No problems Salman brother no one can do anything to you bajrangi brother will be a superhit movie
Sir everyone knows neither you do anything bad to anyone nor you want something bad for anyone loveyou
seems like got scared#UTurn
Love love love salam brother
Salu brother. your movie will surely be a hit bajrangi bali is tehre. ! who has god with them no one can do anything to them.!
this is correct brother.. because everyone has the same owner
hme to phle hi pta tha salman aapke bare me sb jhut kha h... pr kuch akl k andhon ko kon smjhaye ....... i love u always salman ....i recpact u allways ......:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*
how can anyone believe that fake pi if you have that much doubt then should have seen the trailr launch video everythong would have become clear
brother plz dont drink alkhol plz plz plz plz
This is how bajrangi brother is.,
hail brother
before believing should have seen the video once
i just hope that the person who made this fake pic gets caught as fast as possible
brother your fill will be a super hit our prayers are with you and my bajrang bali's hand is on your head I pray to god that your film is super
I did not see any film after kick was just waiting for your film
V nice commet salu brother
you said it or did not say it i dont care but I see all your movies will see all your movies and will always keep seeing your movies. Love u brother..
GUD NIHT FRIEND ALAH AFIZ SALMAN KHAN MERY GAN TUM
keep calm Salman brother....we r alwyzz wid uh...Salmania rockd...haters shockd....love uhhh brother:-)
We trust are bhaijan baki bhot jan may fal gaya hai bhai dua kara gaya in shah allah hoja sab tik bhai
Salman you do not trust me or you do not think of me as anything
brother we completely trust you....you can never say something like this....lov u brother?????????
U r absolutely right brother you can never give such a statement against muslims they are all trying to defame you and planning to spoil your image. hope inshallaha the police arrests these insidious people as quickly as possible
brother this work is being done to try to flop bajrangi brother
brother i got tired of explaining it to people
I love uuuuuii salman khaaan ;-);-);-);-)
I blv u... Kp shining ma luv.. TZ luvs u.. :) :*
I know brother Muslim never says anything wrong wrong about other religions
brother we always love u, and we all know you will never do anything that hurts someone.... always brother r8 or jo kartaha kisiko na kisiko vala hotaha.....
Salman brother we trust you..
how farigh are you guys why are you sending requests
Don't worry brother.. people who say keep saying just ignore... #Being_human_bajrangi_bhaijaan_6_days_to_go
ek the tiger was also a super hit movie, bro. But, if I lookup for your name, it comes as radhe
Dont worry, salman brother...we are not going to be fooled by him...the movie is really good
leave it, sir. This country will never learn to respect the feelings of others.
salman khan is a  rocking star
Some people will never understand and won't let others understand. They are useless themselves and make others like themselves. They will never understand.
Salman, you are nothing without us. You are a disgrace to pathans.
Salman brother, i was waiting for such a post. Thanks a lot, brother
This is not our time.
Salman brother, I already knew that all the news is wrong. After watching your film, we all know who is who.
We dont believe such nonsense. Keep up the good work.
You told everyone that we are humans. Hindu or Muslim. India or Pakistan. But, I don't know why people don't understand. But, one day, they will realize it.
Don't worry at all. Whatever happens, whatever people say, we are with you. Just waiting for bajrangi bhaijaan :) Love and respect from bangladesh
Firstly, I am muslim. Then, I am a friend of the brother. Bajrangi movie will be a flop. Mark my words.
Why are you all so worried about the brother's wedding?
Please sleep. Don't bore me, Alia Khan.
From my area, not even one boy will go to watch the movie.
Salman brother is tensed, just from the start HAHAHAHHA
What is salman?
Think before you take any action.
Salman brother, why are you messing with everyone. Just focus on your work, please.
Hey, please don't disturb my sister, people.
Wherever there is someone like you, there is some problem there.
Okay, Alia, Don't feel bad. I am not used to apologising.
Salman khan should change his name. He should change it to Salman Kumar, because he is a disgrace to Muslims.
even if there is nobody with you, I will always be there with you, Salman brother.
Salman Khan, I will fuck your sister. Your mother is a prostitute.
I love you, brother.
There is not a bigger superstar in the world than the brother.
Asshole, he is an enemy of Muslims. He has defamed muslims. Your money won't be useful to you in your grave.
It's okay, if that is the case...people who are creating rumors, they should not do it...Islam doesn't teach you lies.
Yes, i know that you are a generous and a positive person. i believe that because I felt that and observed that.
We will definitely watch bb.
Salman brother, this is because of all those people who want to bring your image down.
Yes, even if the whole world gets against you, i will always trust you, completely, till I die.I love you, salman brother.
Salman sir, you are lovely.
don't listen to others, listen to yourself...Dogs always bark when elephants walk.
Do you know, what is your religion. Neither muslim nor hindu.
Stop it people, will you make me cry? All of you are doing emotional talks :' lolz
Salman khan is sleeping peacefully, now. And here, everybody is fighting like a fish market. Please sleep, Salman lovers.
I won't ever go to a theater to watch Salman's movie. I will watch it on the internet when it comes after 10 days for free.
Sir, I really hope to meet and talk to you.
A person has no cast, aj. don't worry.
Salman's father is an asshole.
don't say that about sir.
All hail, all hail, all hail, bajrangi bhaijaan
So, what should we do
Is salman from Indonesia
All the people who are abusing Salman, are two faced people. everyone is spreading wrong messages.
Brother, you said the right thing...we all are similar.
King of kings, Salman khan
Brother has 2.3k comments, 33966 likes and a great 300 crore movie.
Waiting for the brother.
Don't worry, brother. We all trust you. This film will earn 300 crore.
Brother, these messages are trying to turn your muslim brothers against you, to take revenge from you.
Sir, I hope to meet you one day. I will hug you, sir.
Sir, i really am a big fan of your movies. I love all your roles. Sir, please call me.
Salman, your truth is really nice. God will fix everything. Don't get too tensed up. Stay blessed.
We will make it a hit without muslims.
Eid is on 19th and he will surely come to collect his eidi.
Do you even celebrate eid and fast for ramzan, because eid is fun only if you keep the fast for ramzan.
Man, just because sllu brother is a nice person, everyone wants to just ruin his image.
Hello sir, will you ever talk to me. There is something, I want to share with you.
Salman brother... don't worry, we are with you... we don't care about all this...whatever people say about you.
Ok, there is no problem at all, salman brother.
Sallu, I want to know this from you. Why did you just talk about hindu brothers? Muslims also love you by their heart.
I'll buy that purse, use it, put some money in it, gift wrap it and then on the day of eid,after namaaz will gift this to my mother and wish her eid.
I knew that sallu could never say such bad things.
Brother, i'll spend tonight with you.
God is with you, brother.
Brother, whatever you say, that will happen.
I know sallu. I don't believe any fake news. Don't worry.
Hey, salman brother. When can we meet?
We'll spend Eid 2015 together, bajrangi bhaijaan.
Love you, love you, love you, sallu.
I'll throw you an eid party, brother.
You were not wrong, are not wrong and will never be wrong.Everybody in the world is waiting for your marriage. When are you giving the good news?
Brother, love you.
Hi salman sir, please, before i die, i wish to meet you. I have seen you in films but have near seen you in real life. I wish you and your family happy eid.
Brother, please talk to me once. I have been watching your movies since childhood, and I consider you as my big brother.
What will you do before leaving?
Love you salman...you are very great...everyday someone says something about the other...nobody can trust these people...from them, we should learn the importance of studying and the importance of thinking before speaking.
English is fucked by these people, brother.
Very good, brother. I am understanding your point a little bit.
Sallu brother rocks.
Salman sir, we know.
we believe you, salman
Bhai, we trust you completely and we know you won't do anything wrong.
SK brother, when are you going to get married, i want to see your son.
Salman sir, we always just follow you. After seeing yo only, we have learnt what it is to help others. It makes you happy, now we know.
We consider your as our own life.
What happened?
Salman brother, don't worry. We'll slap them so hard that they will forget, from where to breathe and from where to fart.
Brother, don't worry.
Love you, salluu.
Whoever wants 1000+ likes on their profile picture, add me and message me. Only for indiands.
Nice, sallu brother.
We trust you, brother! You can't do anything wrong!
Bajrangi bhaijaan, 700 crore!!
I am with you.
Don't say anything to Salman brother. He does not listen to anyone. He only does whatever he wants to.
Noman, your mother is there.
Salman, please reply sometimes, that's how we will know that you love your fans.
salman brother, please send me friend request.
Where are you, please? PLease, message me once. I really miss you.
Yes brother, we are with you.
We have no problem with your real life.You are an actor and we watch your movies. Rest, do whatever you want in your real life.
That's good, brother. Good evening, salman sir.
Marry soon, otherwise you won't be able to, soon.
Won't be able to marry, what else.
Niki varma, you should also say.
Salman, drive the car carefully now, otherwise jail...
Huh! What will this mother fucker give, I will fuck his mother, if I ever meet him. He is an enemy of Islam. I will bring him to the road and shoot him, that will get me to heaven. Because this motherfucker is an enemy of Islam.
I know. This is all fake news spreading these days. But this can affect the film. You should share a video on whatsapp, saying that you did not say anything against muslims. Hopefully, everything will be alright.
My wish is that I want to do friendship with you.
Salman brother, when will you marry? I want to dance at your wedding reception.
Salman, what have you written. I can't understand anything.
Salman brother, you are in our hearts.
I love you, brother. I am so sad about your arrest.
Hi brother, I wish you eid and good luck for your film bajrangi bhaijaan in advance. Love you, brother.
My islam, my religion. One god, one quran. How will you understand us?
So, I will come to your home, brother. Can i come to eat biryani. brother?
Brother, me and the whole of kolkata will watch your film for sure.
Please all firends, watch the movie. Brother has presented this for us. Everyone, please watch this movie.
My chances of watching the movie seems very low.
Brother, kidnap him.
These people call themselves fans but they can never be fans, because they never tried to understand brother.
Please, everyone who is a fan of bajrangi bhaijaan...if you are brother's fan, then gift eidi to bhai by watching his film.
Salman brother, don't get tensed. Your movie is going to be a hit. There are some assholes who are trying too hard, and those who are doing this, even they will watch your movie. But, it is their habit, they have a bug in their brain... :)
These are all fake talks. Brother respects all the religions and he does not hurt anybody, ever. Don't miss the movie, bajrangi bhaijaan. I will surely go for first show on first day.
We will show you your place in the future.
Pak movie is a flop?
We will watch brother's movie, first day first show.
Brother, don't get tensed.This bad thing is done by someone who is not your real fan. We have faith on you, brother.
I believe you, of course... I believe in your heart... always buddy, always...I love you <3
I really want to meet you, brother, anyhow. It really bothers me now and I can't take it no more. If you can understand, then please meet me. Your fan geeta rawat.
Salman, your fans come first, not your religion...they like you because you consider yourself an Indian, first. Whatever religion your fan is following, you are their hero, salman.
Today's party will be on brother.
Hi, bajrangi bhaijaan.
being human's real face. Salman brother, you and your father take blessings from millions of fans. Awesome...awesome. Stay blessed, always. admin aamir ahmed.
How are you, salman brother. You are awesome, pandey sir.
Salman brother, I can understand you and this is all a lie.
People's work is just to spread rumors.
Muslims are defamed in this movie.
I am fully sure that this movie will break all the records.
That's not a problem. I know that you are very busy all the time. All the best, brother.
The reply to the I love you will come when you can't even say anything.
Goodnight, salman khan. I wish that you replied.
Salman brother, I love you. Nikhil raj. Send request to hemanshu raj nikhil, salman brother. Please please.
Rather than drinking a lot, just drink a little bit, but without water. That will save water as well as money. What say?
No muslim will watch this film. This film will be a flop.
Sir, I am a very big fan of yours. Please reply to me once, also.
Brother, don't worry.
What are you saying? What do you know, what is an anti religious film.
Happy eid, brother. I love you.
Awesome. Movie will be a hit, sir. It will earn more than 50000000
Please contact me.
I love you, brother. Waiting...
Bloody shopkeeper.
I don't know but I want to ask. People are saying that salman said that to make his movie a hit, i don't need muslims...if that is the case, then why are you releasing the movie on eid. Release it after eid.
I am a big fan of salman khan. I am a pakistani. Love you, salman khan.
Hello, I want to ask from salman brother that whatever we have been hearing related to this movie, is that correct or is that a rumor. Please tell us, brother.
Salman sir, your movie will be a hit.
I have booked, brother.
I will have fun, this eid.
Okay, bajrangi jaan.
When will this eid come?
There is only one brother. Salman.
Salman brother, hurray!
Salman, you are really handsome. Be happy.
You didn't do a good thing.
Hurray hurray! Bajrangi bhaijaan.
I won't see your movie, till you talk to me.
Awesome movie, brother.
Love you, bajrangi bhaijaan.
Nitin saxena, have you ordered?
Superb, mind blowing.
everybody's hope, everybody's respect, everybody's sole brother. My brother, salman khan.
Salman sir, everyone says I am your die hard fan. But i am a huge and crazy die hard fan of yours.
I love you so much, salman...your fans will always be with you.
Brother of bollywood, salman brother.
Brother, love you.
I got it.
Salman, how are you?
Very few people achieve true love.
Hello, brother.
Salman sir, your film is super hit. It broke all the records. Your movie's name will be in the guiness book of records. Even if you reply or not, we will always pray for you. Amen!
How are you...Pawan kumar chaturvedi...aka...bajrangi bhaijaan.
You are a motherfucker.
All hail sallu brother. Sallu brother is the tiger of whole of India.
Trailer is awesome, bro.
Trailer is awesome, bro.
Nice, my love.
Happy eid, salman brother.
I love you, salman khan. I am a very big fan of yours.
Friends, this movie will be a really big hit.
Nawaj saved the movie kick. Let us see what will happen this time.
Salman khan, you are coming to pakistan but which city are you coming to.PLease please, I also want to meet you. Please please tell us.
The whole world is not your fan, so don
blockbuster movie, bajrangi bhaijaan.
Salman brother, number 1
Good to see, brother.
Brother, this movie will be really really awesome ;)
Brother, the locket seems nice.
Super salman brother.
It will be super hit, brother.
Ismail, dog, barking too much is not good for health. It is harmful. Sleep in your mother's arms.
This movie won't work in Pakistan.We will destroy the chairs and the cinema people.
Bro, ismail, even if it works in pakistan, you don't deserve more than 1 crore.
Bajrangi bhaijaan, everybody's brother.
Our village is costlier than your lahore. Go, do your work.
This is surely a hit. Nobody can stop brother's movie from becoming a hit.
Salman brother, we have been liking you since our childhood and we still like you. But, by saying this one thing, you have made us upset.
Salman khan, what have you said?
Why did you say that?
Salman brother will break everybody's records.
Asshole, his mother is a bitch.
I love you so much and you are beautiful and awesome.
This movie can't be stopped from becoming a hit. It will be a hit, a hit, a hit.
If anybody wants a balance, give me your number now. You will balance in 2 minutes.
Salman brother, I love you.
Brother, I have taken from amazon.
Salman, so many people say bad things about you. I don't like it.
Please, don't write these bad things about Salman brother. What has he done to you?
Rock, there is no one else like salman brother.
Are you mad, Aliya khan. I just said and you trusted my statement.
Eh, alia, privacy block.
Ha ha, bro, where did animals come from. Everybody is a human here. Check with glasses.
I have told you this so many times, don't take off your glasses during the night. You start seeing animals, then.
Brother, first day, first show. Love you, brother.
Bro, such a bad girl. She deleted my request.
Bollywood's respect and honour is here. #Salman_khan, he wiil do crazy stuff in the movies, because this is #Bajrangi_Bhaijaan.
Hi sallu, bro...
Salman, have you forgotten?
I am a very big fan of yours. On watching every movie of yours, i feel some weird kind of happiness. I pray to god that now that i sent you a request, you will talk to me. Please.
I want it. I want it. I want it???
Salman khan is the best.
Super hit, brother.
I haven't not seen any of your movies.]
Salman brother, awesome look.
Good morning, salman brother.
Very nice movie. I promise, it will be a big hit, Salman sir. I love you <3
Salman brother, this is a super hit. I prayers are with you. Love you, brother.
Salman brother, I am a big fan of yours.
Good morning, brother.
Gd, sallu brother.
First day, 70 crore, brother
Salman sir, just say hello atleast once.
Love you, salman brother...I pray to god, that your movie breaks all the records till now.
He is a thief.
Brother, i wish that your movie is a super hit.
Are you really salman khan, please answer me.
Super! Salman, brother.
Looking hot, salman.
Hopefully, whatever happens, you will come back.
If you defame muslims, i will unlike your page and will never pray for you, sultan.
I love you, brother. God will always be with you, brother.
Sir, After this, i will be your bodyguard.
Muslims, please open your eyes. Salman khan only deserves hatred.
Super super super, salman brother.
Womens' life, bajrangi bhaijaan.
Pig's kid.
Hello to brother.
Sallu sir, please talk to me once. That will make my eid before eid only, please.
Movie will definitely be a hit. Brother's movie and that too on eid.
Salman is flop now.
I hope god will always keep you happy. Amen.
Shahid kapoor did not invite you @BB
Very very nice trailer.
Brother, we have heard, you complete the wishes of people who are close to you. Please brother, talk to me once. Brother, love you, always.
Nice movie. It will earn 200 crore vey easily.
Superhit 800 crores.
It will easuly earn 300 crores.
nice movie, this eid eve. Happy eid.
Everybody's brother, salman brother.
Sallu brother, I am your biggest fan. All hail bajrangi bhaijaan.
very very nice trailer.
I am a very small fan of yours.
Awesome picture sallu.
Love you, sallluu.
Oops, wow bro.
Only dabang brother.
Everybody's respect, brajrangi bhaijaan.
salman sir <3
Good luck, sir... I hope god gives you all the happiness in the world...Maybe you forgot us, but we won't forget you even if we stop breathing...goodbye.
I wish you could understand us. Beginning a friendship is easy, maintaining is thetough part. I love you, salman khan.
advanced happy eid.
i am his father.
Sir, I love you. I am a very big fan of yours, sir. Give me the tshirt that you wear, sir. i am from Haryana, sir. My number is 9991865726, sir.
Superb, salman khan. Goodluck.
Sona, awesome.
Do one favour for me, that don't do any favours for me.
salman sir, i am a very big fan of yours. Please call me 7726066179
Bahubali is doing record breaking collections.
brother, happy eid.
bajrangi bhaijaan, 347 crore box office.
Salman khan, you are a kafir. You defame a girl. You should be ashamed of yourself.Today, islam is spreadist at a very fast speed.
Brother, that's awesome.
Brother, what is your original fb page. By what name?
Bloody kafir, sisterfucker, I'll see to it that your movie won't be a hit...!
What do you think about marriage? Will you ever get married or will you stay single? I am getting very tensed.
I have shopped for my father, just I need to shop for my mother, now.
Salman, if you don't talk to me, then understand that our friendship is over, finish.
Salman, why are you not replying. Please please.
Please, salman, you know what kind of people are on your page. Ugh! Please give them a reply.
Salman, there are a lot of monkeys also there. But, I only love you. Please reply to me.
Happy eid, brother.
Nothing, I was just sending a report.
I am Rohit Vasfoda.
Bitch, you do everything right. If you are reading this comment, you have broken some people's hearts very badly. I have seen all your first shows, but this time, you really broke my heart, sallu.
I am your big fan. I wish I could see you once. And I will surely come one day.
How are you and where are you?
Why is everyone blaming salman? Look at yourselves first, everyone. World just barks.
Your mother's vagina.
Today, so many incidents have happened. I don't know what happened.
I love you, Salman sir. I wish I could talk to you. I miss you <3
One Salman, thousands of guests...hahahahahaha...Everybody in just one state. Tell me, what will happen?
Salman sir will have extremely good fortune.
Salman, you understand the plight of the poor. You are a great man.
Hey bodyguard, you are my friend. I love you.
I am super man, salman's fan. Whoever messes with me, I will fuck his sister. Happy Eid, sir..
Film's story is awesome and even you are awesome...
I hat you salman khan. I have never seen a man like you.
Salman khan, brother, can't wait...wish today was friday..bajrangi bhaijaan..in advance, happy eid.
happy eid, salman brother.
happy eid, please reply once
happy eid, brother.
Completely like kick.
hmmm, yesterday, even i felt that.
I stayed up all night..I wanted to talk to you..I am still waiting for you..I still love you. Feeling ekta
How are you, salman sir..what happened to your id??
Your movie will earn 350 crore.
I want to talk to you. I am in a bad mood. Everybody is sleeping. My Mom and younger sister woke up early to got college and even in the night, it is usually 12 or 1 by the time we sleep. That's why I sleep in the afternoon. Dad is also sleeping.
Nice picture, salman sir.
Sallu, you are just my favourite.
Brother, the movie is a hit. There is no need to worry.
Best actor...Salman Khan.
I love you, Salman Khan. I love India.
Happy eid and wishes for you having a hit film, in advance.
300 crore, by god's will it will be.
Salman brother, I am with you, with all your movies. Hopefully, not just once, I'll go watch bajranagi bhaijaan, however many times it is poossible to. I will give the same advice to others.
I got it, brother and I have ordered it too. All hail, bajrang bali.
Best of luck, dear salman khan...<3
Is this really salman's id?
brother, tell this to everyone that you are my brother. If you don't do this, i will die. If you consider this my brother, then write on facebook that babar khan mangi is not only my friend, but my brother. Your brother, babar.
Brother, when do you come on facebook, just tell us that.
Brother, happy eid. I hope bajrangi bhaijaan earns 6 crore.
Very nice song. Bhar do jholi. Salman brother, 09627010944 please call me. Please please please.
I want to be like you. We both have the same styles. If you have the courage, then give me one chance. God bless me.
Favourite salman khan, brother. Happy eid.
In this film, Salman has made a lot of insults about Hindus. Salman has fucked up Bajrangi. same to same as PK.
You have done a very wrong thing, Salman brother. You have gone against muslims.
You are great salman sir...you're first a good human being, and after that an actor...I hope that you won't pay attention to these shameful statements about hindus and muslims.
Salman, who are you? Asshole, fuckface...do you read namaz just once?...And you are still unmarried, dick.
This film will be amongst one of the most flop movies of 2015. No muslim will watch this dog salman's movie.
Your mother's and your sister's ass, mother fucker.
Woow! Bajrangi bhaijaan will be a superhit movie...I wish from god that this film will be a super hit movie.
Broher, movie will be a block buster.
Awesome, boss.
Happy eid, brother. I miss you, i miss you.
I hope god helps you in releasing your movie bajrangi bhaijaan in the theaters in the south.
Just the trailer gave me immense pleasure, brother. Hellp.
Fuck, when is the film releasing?
Salman, brother, it is just you who is ruling the industry, no one else.
Salman sir is just mine...is it not, salman? And for that i will do anything...
Will this picture of our brother be a hit? I doubt.
Brother, that cute girl kid is looking more cute with you than kareena does.
Brother, be ready. Tomorrow, first day first show. Nothing can stop me.
I feel ashamed to call myself a muslim.
Salman, you dog. You are just against islam. You have no shame at all.
I hope your movie flops very badly. Bajrangi, go and change your cast first.
Happy eid to you, brother.
yo, hit, hit and hit.
Lol, asshole, you insulted our muslims. God will punish you.
Thank you, brother...Till today, this is the most beautiful gift...Bajrangi bhaijaan...
happy eid, salman sir.
brother, i got the bajrangi bhaijaan pendant...Today's party is on me, on the special occassion of the launching, in JW marriott hotel. Thanks, brother.
I am from nasik, brother...I came to mumbai, just to meet you.
Hi salman brother, happy eid. Your movie will do well. I like you.
Hmm, heart touching movie.
Brother, great movie.
I wish you a very very happy eid.
I cried on seeing the movie, bro..very good movie.
Happy eid, brother.
Brother, it's awesome.
Awesome trailer, brother.
Superstar, salman brother.
Love you, brother salman khan.
Hi, very nice...Salman sir, i wish you a happy eid from my side...
Flop. Shit movie. Big flop.
Trailer is nice. And the hero is also nice.
Awesome trailer <3
Didn't you get any other name? Before this also, such films have flopped like this.
Even salman brother won't be able to save this movie?
Salman brother's produced movie not being good is not possible at all...
Awesome, brother.
Ultimate...blockbuster.
Superb, salman khan.
nice, salman bro.
Seen it, brother. It's awesome.
There is no new story at all, just more focus is on the action and a new action hero...superhit because of salman...
Download these apps, you all.
That I am your hero...amazing song.
nonsense it is, brother..Just focus on your movies. BB will earn 500 crore minimum, guaranteed.
Wow, that was so much fun.
Hi, salman brother.
how are you, salman brother?
Brother, something seems missing...I don't know what...
Salman brother, long live... Love you brother...
bajrangi bhaijaan will be lit, this time.
it's awesome, brother.
it didn't do it for me.
It's super, brother. Suraj is rocking.
It flopped.
number 1 trailer, brother.
Hello, brother.
Salman khan is not in the trailer. I won't see it.
Salman brother, I will only watch those movies in which you are there.
This is the guy who almost ran from the jail.
I even installed new opera. I opened in that.
What do i write?
Are you seeing or not?
Superb flop, salman khan.
Salman khan has become the face of bollywood.Back to back blockbuster superhit movies, dabbang, redy, bodyguard, ek tha tiger, dabbang2, jai ho, kick, bajrangi bhaijaan. It will be a superhit. 300 fix.
Awesome..My salman khan.
Awesome, brother.
I am also watching this, it's a fabulous movie. Hmmm
Everybody's brother, salman brother. Love you, salmaan.
If you are a son of a real man, then you will reply.
Salman khan, in a being human fashion show, one of the models wore a dress with allah written on it. Since then, I hate you. Asshole, Salman khan is a dog.
Awesome trailer with badass fights,
Liked it very much.
I spit on you, your movie and your trailer.
I saw your movie trailer. I like all your movies.
Mice trailer, brother.
Brother, if you do reply, then please reply once more.
A lot of best wishes for your movie.
Salman brother, I will surely watch your movie.
Pooja, what happened? you should not talk like this.
Neeraj, you dog. What do you mean, it will be fun? It will be a lot of fun, dog, asshole.
Salman brother, kindly post the official fan page's link of suraj pancholi.
Sir, can't wait for bajrangi bhaijaan <3
Feeling so excited for tomorrow.. :) #Bhaijaan <3
Very awesome brother... Brother brother.. :)
Brother, very nice. I have even set my caller tunes. Nice one, bro.
I have done it, sir.
Super, sallu love.
OLD BEST FRIEND. GOOD LUCK, FOREVER.
Awesome voice, salman brother. Love you sallu.
I love you, salman sir. No 7535964415, I am a very solid fan of yours. I love you.
Salman bro, please fix yourself. Why do you do such bad things?
Nice, I have activated...
Love you sir. Awesome sir, that's nice. Lovely voice. Superb idea.
Devil is after you...nice brother.
Hello #salman #sir, Will I geta reply please?
I like you, sallu brother.
I love you, love. Muah. My love...
Khushboo Triphati, how will you survive the day of the fast?
Vermaa, pick up the phone broo?
Guys, how does my profile picture look?
Salman, asshole, you are a thief. Asshole dog.
Fuck off, your mother's vagina.
Awesome, brother.
Asshole.
Guys, how is my profile picture looking?
Sallu bhai, that was a lot of fun.
If the caller himself is salman khan, then? O.o O.o
Nice picture, salman.
Happy eid(happy eid, bajrangi bhaijaan)
Happy eid to salman brother.
Love you, brother.
Nice, sallu brother.
That was fun. Lol. Komal, pick up the phone bro :P
What was that, you block.
Everybody's only brother.
Wow, bro.
Hello sir, Will you ever talk to me. There is something that I want to share with you.
Tell me also, what all do you know? Neeta V Raj
Brother, Love you.
Awesome tune <3
Your voice is like a dog's voice. Leave it. You arr just another muslim.
I am your big fin. I am from bangladesh. Pleasw call me on +8801719447771. Please call, sallu brother. I am your fan.
Salman brother, i am your fan from bangaldesh. Please call me on +8801719447771.i want to share some news with you. All hail, sallu brother.
Happy eid, brother.
Hmm, Brother has set it. It feels really nice...
Brother has some different swag...different from everyone...brother salman.
Brother...This is not your original voice..
Awesome rap, brother.
I love you, salman khan. Love you love you love you love love you so much.
salman brother brother brother brother brother.
You be a saint, right now. Your brain is fine. You are not understanding, now but the day, when someday else will take me after my marriage, then you will understand. Right now, just sit.
Hello brother, where are you?
Wow, brother.
If you can do it, then do this.
Tomorrow, we will be able to see salman's stardom.
Hangover of your memories.
Why did you name the film Bajrangi bhaijaan, sallu brother?
Awesome look, brother.
Asshole, sallu brother became bajrangi during the month of ramzan. Dog, asshole, sallu...listen my muslim brothers and sisters, this time also, we'll make a fool of sallu brother.
Hi sir, bajrangi has become a master of two, dog.
Salman brother, you tell me what are all the wonders of India. One is Taj Mahal, what is the second one?  I want your answer. You say that you read all the comments.
Salu brother, tomorrow I'll come to meet the brother.
Brother is best. Brother, your film will be successful. Only salman brother.
There is no answer.
Bugger off, salman.
Hello, salman brother. How are you? I am good.
I love you, sallu brtoher.
Don't forget to watch it tomorrow.
Call everyone a kid, except me. Ok
Brother's brother.
I am salman's lover. Love you, salman sir.
What asshole people, who are wishing this asshole happy eid. What would this asshole know about ramzan and the reason to celebrate eid...he just cares about the money.
There can't be anyone like Bajrangi bhaijaan and his movies are awesome.
That is possible only when you will tell us, when are you coming to pak? Where will you stay and how can I meet you? I promise that after that I won't disturb you to call me. Just meet me once, please.
Please marry, brother.
What it is this weird world, muslim brother. They are calling kafirs good and great.
If you want to get rid of your fat, get healthy, or want to get a better body, please contact me +919501037881
Message for you, salman.
Wow, it is awesome. Hi, I am salman khan. Pick up your phone, khan. Pick up your phone. Very very very nice voice. I am so happy. I love you, Salman <3
Sallu brother, please reply once with your hand. Sai.
Happy eid, brother.
Handsome Sallu <3
Rafu, I dont want to say anything more to you.
Your movie becomes a hit, I hope.
Am I not important to you, also? 
Hi, why are you behaving so badly?
Buy gold and silver shares and forget about them. If in the future, anybody wants to do such businesses, then sell those shares and buy the original ones. Otherwise, it will remain the same.
Dont ruin fb by uploading photos of Salman.
I have heard that you people read comments :* <3
Congratulations brother, your movie is earning 1000 crore. Todays party is on you.
All the best+Happy Eid to Salman, Lots of regard to elders+lots of affection and love to young!
You did awesome, bro.
Motherfucker, your movie became a super duper flop! Bahubali Rocks. :)
Asshole, First take my dick out of your mouth, then only you will say something. 
Bro, you didnt do the right thing by giving muslims a warning.
Salman, I love you, please come to my city. Please, I love you, Salman. Please, come please.
I hope you dont get any sadness in your life. I wish to God you smell like a flower. I hope your name stays till the end of time. I hope god blesses you with eids happiness.
I want to meet Salman Khan. Please help me.
Will you talk to us?
Salmans movies always rock, friends.
Brother, I am a big fan of yours. I am saying this from my heartTell us, who is our brother? sallu brotherhappy jumaa. Wishing you all the best for your new movie...
I hope I was your special friend and I wish I could be close to you. I wish I could be close to you from moments to moments. Congratulations. Your roja.
Happy eid. Love you, Salman.
All hail! Bajrangi bali will break enemys penis. Saw first day first show. Amazing movie.
Salman sir, Do you also celebrate happy eid. Please, tell us, please.
Love you, SalmanWhat are you doing? You should sleep
I am superman but salmans fan.
Sallu brother, my no. is 9861674485, this is the question of my respect, brother.
Hear touching movie.
You are looking very cute.
Brother, my sim is docomo. I have tried a lot. It is not happening.
Cool movie, bajrangi bhaijaan. Awesome??
Salman sir, you wont listen to my voice at all. Even then, I am trying to say.
Sir, you have won our hearts. What a movie!
Salman sir, such a good movie. Super hit, blockbuster movie.
Awesome movie, salman sir. Super, salman sir.
This is not a song. This is the result of Modi Ji's efforts. One day he will show the world this is still just Turkmenistan. Great Modi Ji.  
Love you sir love you soo much yours it's beautiful video ...
Hey sir, first educate our indian children... then go to a foreign country
Wow! As beautiful is the song's meaning, is the voice of the singer. 
Beautiful completely correctly sung song. my hello to little doll.
Wow Lata mangekar
I can see the purity of soul and mind in this daughter's voice, may you be happy daughter. 
Jai hind jai hind my country salute to you modi ji salute to you
i wish modiji you would have come before manmohan singh....today 2015 where would our country have reached
In india, student is being tortured results are not being shown and here he is throwing sand in their eyes
:o :o :o
this is not a song this is the result of modi ji's efforts one day he will show the world this is still just turkmenistan. great modi ji ........ great
modiji is the savior of the world... has done a lot and will do in the future too....
Wow guruji what style do you have you have moved the world
Awesome... this is called leaving india's mark on the world...
namaste maha modi ji!!
modi ji i salute you hundred times, you have raised india's flag in the entire universe
Very good modi ji, you keep on going we are with you
fantabulous... We proud of you Modi Ji... our country's picture seems to be improving, we can see changes in everyone... India needs a PM like you.. Bharat has some zamini problems also where your attention is required... i hope that soon they will also improve
wow sir g now the country is in right hands i feel from looking at you
its not hindi its urdu and if bollywood is successful its only because of urdu
Narendra modi what is this bakchodi on facebook, please do work!
I wish all this was sung by bangladesh and pakistan then it would be so good
wow wow turkes
praise the lord good.... this is my hindi
wow wow i had lot of fun !! Indian Govt. should host an International Hindi song compitition !! We have had a lot of development, now there should be some entertainment, what do you say brothers and sisters ???
I get angry at those bloody hindus who go against modi ji in their stupidity
nobody can stop india from becoming the lord of the world...... vande matram
sir only you can do this. great sir.
modi ji is good prime minister
Jai sri ram nama namo
people's confidence should not get reduced jai hind
modi ji go ahead the whole country is with you.
I had heard that Raj Kapoor's films are liked in the USSR. I think this is still valid today.
We are proud of our pm ; Now I think our country is on the right path from where we can plant our flag on the whole world
modi ji i find your thinking to be very good and progress is the main reason and its most important that country is developed
It wont take too much time for India to become no.1, because it takes a lot of good fortunate to get a pm like modi ji, who will leave no stone unturned to increase India's speed ,,,,,,,,, jai hind ,,,,,
To get the mind and heart of the children on truth's path, this song should be made compulsary in schools .
Kartikey Kumar modi ji can move the country forward
Hahaha the old man is staring at girls
Such a PM has never been and will never be. .
No one is hindi, no one is muslim, we are all hindustani
to kill you modi is my job, i am khalistani 
modiji i request you to give me your whatsapp number so that i can show you live pic
Modiji you have raised your country's flag in front of the world we are all proud of you, you have increased our respect among the world, we indians have put you in our hearts, salute sir
We won Bihar's and make us win UP's election. Right now we have won by 12 seats make us win by 65 seats.
PM should be like this, like modi. jai hind jay varat
Our self confidence should not be weak...
Modi watching like this will achieve nothing
Modi ji is the only person who can push the country forward
Great India's Great son har har modhi
modi ji go ahead we need you
jai to bharat mata. our culture is adopted by foreigners too
modi ji you are first OBC president. Do something for OBC. Later on no one will do anything.
everyone's owner is the samee.
Modi sab greetings, you are doing very good work, we are with you in this work and i request you that you take care of your health, and you live for a thousand years
modi ji please treat black dogs they are very sick
sir your thinking should always be carried with you, one day it will take you to such heights that it will become impossible to forget you without forgetting the country
Jai hind modi sir
why are you ruining your country's money.. you have not visited your own country.. you have gone to visit other countries.. you cant do any work modi g..
enough of travelling has happened. now water is going overhead. 
jai hind my bharat my hindusthan
world best pm narendar modi ji my bhart great
keep going modiji the full country is with you
sir ji you are great, will you just travel the world or will you think about the country's children, we are so poor, have some mercy
PM's respect.......... my respect .... JAY HIND
JAY JAY HO BHARAT
What is the talk 
nice pic modi ji
come fast and do something about vyapam because more than 45 murders are about to reach
salute you sir you work very hard
Congrats modi jee
modi ji do your work, dont listen to anyone, even if 2 children are bad out of 5, you still have to raise them
sir we all want to walk on digital india platform. i think first priority should be our force because their going digital is must for inda
wow modi sab
great step for great relation. nice job sir. 
you will do nothing for india
Addd mee frnds
as long as the sun and moon are there, modi ji's name will be there
Unstoppable modi sir
dont just travel all the time, help us, think about us, we ask for help but dont get it
modiji think about your country did you become pm just to travel what useless pm
modi ji is such a star who will change india's star for sure, what do you say my brothers and sisters
modi ji namashkar, sorry to say but whenever you share something on facebook you always do it in english... i will feel happy when your updates are in hindi
Jai hind ks.chouhan bhinmal jalore
country will develop only on the world's technology lane
greetings ji something i also want to do for the country, i just need a little support, if i can get it my work will become easy and our country will become beautiful
I dont have time
sir you have forgotten india and are using gov's money on holiday and travel, you cant be seen in india
Hello modi ji
you are country's heartbeat
bigger than bhakt is anuyai
modi ji keep our india's name always high. jai bharat mata jai hind.
Namsthe sir jai gurudhev
this man is working and we are making fun of him. ever since he became india's pm. great man in the world.. best pm in the world... only one on one...
modi ji. please call me.0096555218960
this country needs guidelines otherwise a country with such a huge population cannot become world no.1. which gets in the way of development. finish him forever. no matter what party he belongs to. country needs development at any cost. 
keep going sir.
Sir, Namaskar. I am from Bihar and am a huge supporter of yours, what you are doing for the country in a selfless manner, you will forever be known as the best p.m. salute to you sir.
Our civility is our identity
it will be fun when you get kohinoor back.
good people only get good gifts like indians got you sir ji.
Respected sir you are the entire Bharat's hope... you have shown a new dawn to the people.. show the sunlight too...
Only modi government
modi ji you have said that whoever is competent dont take subsidy, i agree with you but please say that whoever is competent dont take reservation
jai ho modi jii
sir i need to talk to you very urgently
sir what are you? awesome!!!!
you are increasing the country's pride.
sir if you have some time please do something for the youngsters of this country. for more information please send me a message. 
great PM sahab all this can only be done by our modi ji
we asked you to run our country and you are instead just roaming around
do something in UP otherwise BSP will come in 2017
modi saab which country is this???
jai hind respected prime minister ji i did not get admitted to army but i salute the country's army. jai hind jai mata ki
modiji salute you a thousand times. many PMs came and went but you are honest pm best of luck
namastey sir, the way in which you are improving the condition of the country, please think of people like us in the same way.
modi ji's work is good but just one work is bad, we made him win the election or world tour? earlier PM is silent mode this PM is flight mode. our country's fortune is bad. 
the country's hopes for modhiji are still there as they were, do something strong so that in the coming time that hope is maintained because less time is left now.
har har modi house house modi modi ji you are amazing. congress people have stomach ache after looking at your travel.
go travel the entire world. making idiots out of entire country. dog.
modiji country has shown trust on you you should do something for our hopes
prime minister i take a pledge that the day when all ministers of our country stop eating subsidy that day I will also return my share of the subsidy.
India's most admired pm modi ji i request you that after becoming pm you dont come to mp ke satna. please whenever you come to mp accept satna aagman. thank you.  
modiji nice person now is the start, lets see what happens later
modi ji you keep going country is with you
Hindustan's lion p.m modi who wants to inspire all countries about his country's bqualities. jay hind
gandhi ji and you have using your own persona changed the way indnans and the world thinks about our country wish you all the best
india's pride is narendar modi but what will happen to bihar
i have some urgent work with you modi g
Bharat mata ki jai
Ghandhi gandhi gandhi ultimately this gandhi is the one who made idiots our of the country
Jai hind jai bharat mata ki jai
Respected Narendra modiji good evening i have a dream that i take a selfie photo with you
Modi jee, whereever you go, you make everyone yours, good wishes for you
Jiao hind jai bharat
modi ji is making country's name bigger. 
maharani laxmi bai, tatya tope , Subhas chandra bos , ajad , Bhagat etc are the true leaders
So much respect to Gandhiji was not given even by congress
the country needs you to take it forward
(gandhi) he is a murderer. he killed subas ch. bose.
Don't forget godse
nehru was a bad man
india will never be able to beat china
P.M. NAMO NAMO today because of you the entire world is chanting MODI MODI thanks
modi sir the farms are going bad in the country ??????? what are you thinking about this
india's second mahatma gandhi is narendra modi jee 
jai hind. my country is great. 
modi ji will create a new history
today's mahatma gandhi P.M.Modi ji modi jee has the traits of swami vivekanand
Sometimes talk about SUBHAS CH Bose & Bhagat Singh too sirji.... The man who broke the country (Gandhi) you are making a statue of that man @ narendra modiji
i have heard lots of times that bharat will one day become the world's guru. but i didnt believe it. but after seeing your hardwork and dedication, i believe that very soon bharat will become great. bharat maa salute.
looking really nice modi sab
no matter how much our country's greatness is discussed it is very good
modiji you spend so much money on traveling do you want to mortgage the country
yesterday modiji nagpur jar nam len sir this is a request to you sir
Me and my entire family love modi sir a lot
Vande mataram. ..Jai hind. .Jai bharath
modi ji all hindus from bangladesh should be brought to india please here musalman is torturing hindus 
modiji is doing a lot to push his country forward now it is the turn of the youngest to wake up.... jay hind
modi sir welcome and we need someone like you sir
sir ji we need to talk to you
modi ji will reinvent bharat, will make a strong country
Jai hind modi ji
there our indian army soldiers are being hit by bullets by pakistan and here he is shaking navaj's hand
just like this keep moving forward we are with you...
modi ji sorry dont roam around in foreign countries catch your ministers they are going uncontrolled, think about the poor 1 2 rs policies will not help  take money from rich not poor
good deed modi bhai ji.. we have to make our country the golden sparrow again.. that dream will come true.. for which god has selected you. thank you god for modi ji
modi ji. assam and megalaya have a game whose name is ter please support it
my pm super duper nmo nmo
modi ji jay ram ji ki
keep going the prayers of entire country are with you 
modi ji we will have to give an answer to pakistan
is there any benefit to show them all this??
does pm want to come into bihar? 
sir ji you have done amazing things in foreign countries too
chankya has said.. if you have to move one step forward first go 10 steps backwards
PM ji has proved this to the entire world that india will walk with everyone
Modi ji grat
modi sir what place have you gone to, i cannot even pronounce its name correctly lol :-D
modi is only for name
there might not have been any p.m. of india who has so much energy, we pray for you to god, with everyone jai ho
Modi mission : 2 establish world brotherhood...grt man grt thinking @ Modi : a boon 2 earth
modi ji you go ahead we are with you
whereever modi g went, he has planted our flag
modi ji worry about india's rising population which is taking india towards defeat
i hope god always keeps narendra modi ji happy, who has taken our country forward and given people hope
what can be said about you PM ji
I love you. Modi sir if you need my life just ask i will give it to you very happily your well wisher
this is the magic of modiji wherever he goes people love him
modi ji improve the laws of the country
Lov u modi ji
Yes yes yes
i am also a very big fan of yours
modi ji i salute your correct brain
Mr. pm we are proud of you. manish kumar, nasriganj
after a long time the country has found an able politician who is also popular in foreign countries
the value of india's people's vote will be understood in delhi. come to india modiji, here there are a lot of problems to solve
what can modi alone do. alone man cannot dig up a mountain
Joy hind, Varot mata ki joy
modiji you are great but take care that in improving relations outside your 5 years dont get over :P 
you are great modi ji because of you our heads are up with pride in the world
why is no one paying attention to education department which is the most important. why are people sending their children to private colleges instead of government colleges for studying
if you want to bring a change in this country contact 9451551081, i have suggestions and methods both, increase salary of teachers who sleep in colleges. think and then comment
stop roaming around modiji now just look at the government a little too ...
Great prime minister modi ji jai hind
PM modi ji is a development man 
modi ji you have done wonders. when i see your name it is great pleasure. congratulations
Respected narendra modi ji you are the prime man of this era i am proud of you salute you
modi ji we are proud of you but country's development will happen only when everyone will think like you
today my country has found a PM who is connected to god
modi ji there is no one like you thank you, you do so much work for your country like someone is taking care of their mother
narendra damodar modi g when will good days come. do you have any solution.
ppp model chairman in rajesthan is lalit modi
By erecting statues of Gurudev Tagore, Mahatma Gandhi, Tajikistan has united Bharat's people
You wont get our votes if you wear muslim cap that day
to salute great people is the most valuable path to right dedication. 
namaskar your vikash is the best gurdev
please never forget hindutva
hindustan's king brother
good thoughts pm narendra modi
please sir i want to talk to you
this time again modi government
oh great. everyday i get new light after looking at you. i wish you live a thousand years sir ji and make india win the world
Tusi bast pm ho modi ji Sade I'm panjabi
sir have you given ad in the newspaper for rastriya rojgar youjana sms job
i have sent an mail near you i want answer from you
modi ke maki chooooooooth me mera booooooooooolaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
salute to bharat mata
share this please
BJP VIJAY hooooooooooooo
you also turned out to be a liar, your promise was just a promise
our pm modi g's jalwa
PM saab i have sent you a picture from your clean bharat mission from the capital of himachal. please look at it
dear narendra modi pm ji how are you good night
pm uncle this time new bihar bihar's population will make bjp government
only cities get developed, not villages
i really liked atalji. he had great principles. then you came sir i salute you
stay at home sometimes too modi ji?
Salute PM Modi JI
because i know about you you should also keep all information about me
very beautiful. best wishes.
modiji. i gave you vote but i now think that i was wrong
greetings, jai ho
GOOD MORNING TO ALL OF UP M SHRI NARENDRA BHAI MODI JI JAY SHRI KRISHNATHANKS TO BOTH OF USANGITA PATIL MLAVIJAY KUMAR Vicky Mavan SoniJAY SHRI KRISHNA
Modi ji is such a personality who is making the rest of hindustan hindustan. only then hindustan will deveelop i love modi government
namo namo to modi sir. i am proud that our country gave birth to this great man
none of your yojna-plans have been implemented correctly
i want to meet you but i wont be able to
modi ji how are you. are you being taken care of in the foreign country sir. sir please come fast and then do maan ki baat i'm waiting for it sir. take care sir
narendra modi ji please create a scheme such that the cases pending in court get justice soon
election jantak is like chunne. these politicians lie and make big promises, but that engragi sasan, who will change this
brother keep roaming and dont do any work
something else might or might not be there but this guy will travel the world on government money
when the right to choose is with the public, if they feel they picked the wrong person, why should they listen to him for 5yr, should reject them
sunil ji our modi ji is the universe's lion
if india's condition becomes like this then there will be no educated person in india
please modi ji make your people understand that buddha was born in nepal and not in india
modi sir. please come to bihar. because bjp government is necessary in bihar. har har modi house house modi
just keep roaming around and turn india into hell your modi this story
modi has not done anything or not. i dont know. but he will travel the world in 5 years
background music please. i dont ask for flower and i dont ask for prosperity i just ask for your love? 
modi ji you country everyone's hearts PM 
as long as there is moon and sun, there will be modi ji's government. jay hind
Har har modi ghar ghar modi all world modi ji gud work sir ji
how beautiful is this picture
modi ji everyday thousands of cows are getting cut. do something whoever pig cuts these cows should get hanged and their hands and feet should be cut
you are looking very carefully
the amount of money these politicians spend on roaming around if they distribute to poor people so many people will have full stomach
sir stop cow slaughter
time is right, decision is right, really if someone who takes correct decision at the correct time is with us then our bharat and the people of bharat will want nothing more.
why are you in circle, no one can compete with him. modi is best pm
bapu g is innocent, auko get out fast
if we vote again now bjp wont get even 7 seats in rajasthan
along with PM modi is also foreign minister
sriji come to jantar mantra. i invite you
very nice modi ji
modi ji you said that all bangladesi from assam will soon go. but you have called them for feast. whoever came from difficult road to assam you have sent volvo bus. i didnt expect this from you.
because of your work in the coming years india will be ahead. and your foreign diplomacy is amazing
enjoy with our money. world tour wow. 
modiji these are the countries which will make us stronger
respecting women is respecting the country, developing women is developing country
for the first time i can see country's pride, and i am proud of it. salute to pm
Welcome modi jee
carefully sir dont fall off the bike hahaha
great modi ji
please sir get us vito power while you are here ..
it is of no use
sir you go ahead we are with you
sir please travel in our own country, somewhere electricity and somewhere water, and in some places there are no road. good days will come when they come, you should come
for bharat country modi ji is avatar
make mullo run. dont do TP
whoever was with you day and night
sir will i have to go again for reconnection
will you remove kailash vijaywargiya or will you ruin all your hard work and our trust
how much money will you waste of india. travel for five years you wont come after that
modig u r great pm. but salute to those soldiers who have been fasting at jantr mantr for 29 days. and our media is not even showing this news. wow india's media wow. 
india is better than the world
the one who cannot stop cow slaughter he is useless to us
thank you sir your travels will surely help the country we are proud of you and your policies
great sir. as long as the sun and moon are there, modiji's name will be there. 
modiji zindabaar our country is strong 
my body and soul are saluting the country modi ji
Great modi ji welcomes
today every citizen wants that narendra modi do something
salute 7 7
welcome back mr pm. how many days will you stay in india for? this money is not someone's father's. you are travelling on our money have you no shame
welcome mother bharti is calling you 
sir do something about these pakistanis. some pakistani people daily take your name to abuse indians
p m ji everyday i find you standing here
city has come
sir i have to talk about something important to you my no 9747375375
Punjab me disst... ferozpur
you dont have money for one rank one pension you have forgotten about rewadi's first rally have some sham
sir the work you are doing for ocuntry i salute you
pm modi jee. today our country is at the top. cant provide education to our kids. cannot feed our family
Jai hind shar
sir now please come on tour to every state of the country. like you went in 2014 election. now look how much change there has been
salute to modi g's work 
hey india's pig. cow's urine drinker. come to pakistan. i will take you to karachi to drink urine. every day 3 liter i'll make you drink. and feed you cow's shit. 
sir g we are roaming around unemployed even after studying.. we studied with so much hard work and even after studying so much we are unable to find work. plz help me sir g
dont talk about future. our present is getting ruined
I trust you so very nice improvement i have never said this to our pm but first time i'm saying because i wanted correct pm on hindustan's land
sir do you plan on doing something for the people of the country or will you only roam on air india
congratulations for a successful foreign trip sir
sir do you have any solution for unemployment
JAI HO MODI JI
has the photographer gotten tired.. photo is blurred
came to home gajanand ji now came to home
people can fool the world to fulfill their dreams
poor people are crying and you are celebrating
salute to you respected prime minister and ramajan eid mubarak
bharatakke bapa randi magana illi raitaru sayakattaru
oh stop it modi do you have any other work except roaming
he doesnt have any other work he's off to foreign country
country is unfortunate. tea vendor is p.m. and educated p.m is silent
congratulation sir ji
Ghen ke Lund apni bhen Chuda rha h randi ke
Extremist prick with hateful ideologies and hostile intentions towards neighbors. Ultimate dueschbag.
Hiii kam chhe
I heartly salute you Mr. prime minister. your term will prove to be the best one in bharat's history jai hind
modi ji everyone has trusted you but we can see you breaking that trust in mp balaghar water tank has not been cleaned for so many days a lot of people are disease ridden only you can fix this
dont sell the country while selling tea
my bharat is great, modi ji is a true person, will give the correct identity to the country. jai hind jai bharat
modiji govt wonderful programs; the broom is yours and the cleanliness is yours clean bharat, your money, your account your yoga day yoru responsibility your save girl child your mobile amazing
good days have come
hi modi ji how are you you got more votes from bihar so you have forgotten bihar please develop bihar like you developed gujarat
you should stay in india too sometime modi ji kasmir is our birth right for 67 years congress made a fool of us we made you win dont break our trust and remove all the wrong doings in kashmir the rest of th e country we youth will run
just like you farmer is also doing hard work but he cannot raise his children
we consider ourselves fortunate that the country found a PM like you jay hind
the country is with you the iron man
sir i'm a small fan of yours but i can do anything
which randi's child
i need 5 lakes to start my bussnies
our country has gotten freedom because of you
look at bihar once
modiji we have a request that we want to open an organization that will help with private matters of people
the entire world is looking at bharat today
Bharatmata lovely son modi jaihoo
what happened to your promise, that swear, that decision
modi ji you are looking nice
please help us guard people first, then do big big tasks
destroy these enemies together
dont trust coro and dogs
sir please improve jhansi's electricity provisions thank you
sir you launched skill development programme which helped crores of people to get employment
sir please get clean bharat mission from villages to cities. sir give the responsibility of the mission to the municipality thanks
everyone's support everyone's development. good
will bihar's youth remain unemployed modi ji. bihar's youth is getting trampled in their dirty politics
p m sab help ips abitabh thakur 
govt should make strict rules for development
dear prime minister do something for jobs as well. only dancing will not help employment.
modi saab g,, will you keep making galla da krah or will you do something too
sir now please clear out bihar from lalu nitish
house house modi only modi. where people stop thinking modi ji start thinking.
modi jorj go ahead we are with you jai bharat
get bjp and make them do beiapam 
modi ji your sv asakeam is fail
your skill scheme is very good when people will learn how to work so they wont remain unemployed.. thanks to pm for it
modi ji your plans are greatest we are with you sir j
why does everyone want to develop country by increasing price of petrol and diseal
bikaner's situation is bad. try walking on the road that leads to surdhana gav
make india digital modi government pm
Thnx sir ji
bjp believes in work
today i am totally confused. because i used to say atal ji is best PM but now i think modi ji is best pm of bharat. jai jai ho. 
we are dying hungry sir
thank you ji, goodnight ji
modi ji. this is wrong that you are putting a stage worth 3 crore. please think about it
i have never heard any PM talk about ITI's development I think that good days are getting started
respected pm ji your future plans are very good i salute you
bharat is with modi
great modi ji, no one else is like you
mission is good just the implementation should also be good
forget that anything will happen with satna
if modi ji had become pm 10 years ago then today india's picture would have been different maybe it would have been equal with china
do it on the ground stop doing this rubbish. till now there has been no effect on people's lives. go to the ground to get feedback on any plan or policy. launching policies and giving money doesnt help the people. because there are a lot of people who eat in the middle
sir ji namo namo. when will our problems get solved. kaushambi's light and road havent been fixed in the last 10 years
modi ji its a good start skill india program we heartly congratulated
very good work and very good our minister
sir look at jammu kashmir's ITI's condition. there is no staff there and no material and you are talking about skill development
very beautiful sir and very unique sir
if modi ji had become pm 10 years ago we would have moved forward 20 years today
look at BJP Youth's skills in the below video
sir ji namaskar, some of the politicians of our party (BJP) have ruined the image of the party, and they should be removed from their positions in this case. so that no one else repeats it, jai hind, vandematarm
sir we are with you
sir whatever the reason for your travel if you improve odisha's electricity then something good will happen and what you said can never happen just improve the electricity
every country should get a PM like you, who works so hard for their country's future, and launches schemes like this. i salute you PM JI
we request all congressio that they take admission in skill india and learn some work. empty mind is a devil's workshop. dont think that ghotala is your skill.
india will become skilled when india will remain modi g. somewhere seej fire and somewhere isi. naksal waad. jai hind.
brother people who are away from loved ones have only this as medium to stay in touch
Then indeed with hardship comes ease. Indeed with hardship comes ease! ~Quran 94:5-6
what is the matter. made manwa happy.
i wish god would give them sense who misuse religion and marry four wives and take advantage of women's majboori
Uncle! Uncle! Why do religion religion in everything? :-) Be it Quran or bible, you should be good. thats all. why put religion into that.
hey god show the correct path to everyone
paye kuppi puthe vichil
government should drown and die that they have to do all this at this age
respect to this madam. no offence but some great man changed gujarat such that no one stayed in slums
Jai jai garvi GUJARAT
jai bajrang bali..
today bhakts must be very happy
tell me what did congress do in 60 years ;)
leave the country or first change the media !!
brother this should be in every police station not on facebook
all that is okay. but who asked for ras malayi with this green apple mojito?
he became by getting others share, now got caught also for that
the logical indian you write just anything. just think before writing one time
samsung galaxy grand max was worth 14000 but on sale day it was 18000. we are not crazy people sitting here company people
Damn thm invisible ninjas cuttin onions..
i love you salman brother. i like you so much. god will always be with you 
sale salman khan now have to see how your pic gets hit without muslim you people are spots on muslim
you say that even if muslim fans dont watch movie even then it will be hit
salman brother i need 1 chance to meet you i love you bro
salman is doing desh's duty even amidst all these problems so why not
salman khan brother you get fewer likes and comments than shah rukh khan
its our duty too to keep clean bharat
jai ho bharat ki
salman khan please shoot the next film from agra city plz sir
i am a big fan of yours
i love you salman sir. neither a friend nor a destination nor a partner even then i've left from there maybe the one i'm looking for is the destination. o o jane jana deewana is searching for you. salman sir i love you
hey chapal doesnt get stolen from majid, if anyone needs they take
ram ram bhai salman
salman brother i'm waiting for your pomotion in nagpur
our country will be clean only then our india will be above everyone else
i'm getting to angry i will vomit in his mouth only then you'll improve kutt#
bye sleeping tell him that he stays till you i find him useless i have heard the name many times
tell him to keep distance with me he's a nonsense man who only thinks about himself
will find you holding hand in hand
i am going to drink one bottle water now pandey ji beware and dont bring this anywhere near me
when will you answer me
my life whatever you do it is nice only
do you want to meet me
jaanma i'm saying that you look at my twits
what mistake have i done what are you punishing me for
i have work i'll finish and talk to you later
clean bollywood too as it is still naked 
what do i want to do in life apart from marrying you
yes i want to be a business woman. i had forgotten that because of you and here you are who doesnt remember me onl
Salman ji hey
salman bhai jan
why are you doing this you are not even calling me what is this
what is this i came to meet you and you didnt meet me
i have heard that you actors dont reply to common people, you should not do like this
salman khan your fan wants to see you in taranam q stail. 
salman sir how are you plz give reply also 
super bajrangibhai jaan super hit movie
there is no one like babbu maan in punjab and salman khan in bombay. no one else can be born like these. salman brother there should be one song of babbu maan in your next movie 
salman brother if you use babbu maan's song in your movie then you will gain 20 laakh fans in one day
very good salman brother
brother come to haryana once, i will give you a very nice story
i sapourt u saloo bhai i hole u r bajrangi bhaijan it's going
i love ur film joi ho bhai hope ur flim bajrangi bhaijan
haha.... im selected... <3 mzaaa aa gya... umahhhhh bhai luvv uhh
i told that you should sleep i'll get it in the morning
i explained nicely and then i slept
thanx salman bhai..love u forever
India no1 star salman bhai
brother jan live long
hi my cute monkey. where are you what is happening are you okay miss you sona miss u so much
plz cal sallu bhai +8801719447771 bangladesh fan plz cal met u sallu bhai
hiii mai ok huiii :)
you are dog. your movie will be flop. see how few fans you have now
hmm i can hear the sound of claps from now itself and everyone is only saying one thing that wah brother and i get shy and smile and love u
if i go to watch your picture i have a lot of fun really
i am saying the truth everyone in hall went oh brother wow brother and everyone was very excited
One important thing is that no musalmaan brother should go to watch salman khan's movie. that idiot has challenged musalmano that he 
hey who are you saying all this to 
sona last time when you came we did so many things now only one thing is left come fast plzzz
brother any photo which is close to your heart
i pray to god that your movie is super supper supper flap 
i am a hundu brother and bajrang bali is also hindu god. you kill gau mata and make bajrangi
you are super hit and your film is super hit
did you get my paarsal
Sacha bharat INDIA
hello shalu brother how are you
my heart says
i know you wont reply but i wish your film stays nice and i want to become doctor pray for me
:'( :'( :'( :'( :'( you are a bad husband very bad i hate you i really hate you
i dont have any respect
thoughts and ideas should be like brother
what is the matter
everyone should have a precious mind like you so that diseases are not made
nice brother
this is my last effort to meet you just once
i love you salman sir. i am watching your movie judawa
clean my toilet as well salman khan
Realllllly loooovvv u salman
the real cleanliness comes from cleaning not from taking photos
sir the statements you made against musalmaan are wrong
what luck
he doesnt have so much time that he will look at all of your comments
give us a chance too salman
idiot pig's child. i hope you die in aishwarya's piss. new dog of modi and rss
dont call him sir he is an idiot and is a dark spot on the face of musalmaan
Lv u bhai I cnt wait fst dy fst shw bhaiiiiiii
have you thought about what youre going to do or does that not matter
brother i also want to do something please one chance brother
Grt super star sallu bhai
GREAT SALMAN BAI
looking soo handsm???
idiot salman
give me one chance as well bajrangi bhaijaan
i hope you rmovie gets flop
you are an idiot you are not muslim you are the devil
i love you salman khan i want to meet you once its my dream just to meet you once love you love you love you love you so much salman khan
you do wonders brother
wow what is the matter such nice comments i like this very much from khusi hasan and my real name ruby hasan
is this experiment still going on
its okay brother you have forgotten me right?
we are also on the path yesterday i prayed to haji ali for salman bhaijan's release from jail
hello sir you come online we dont even find out about it when you come and when you go again
hey this is our child
sem 2 u
i am from delhi i told your security guard to let me meet you and give my message to you please meet me
please fill my pockets dear salman sir. sir please let me meet
dont make any comment to salman's haters. tottally ignored. great salman
please fill my pockets dear salman sir. sir please let me meet
as long as public doesnt get improved, nothing can be done
salman sir. i want to meet you please give me appointment i really want to meet you please
please call me pls pls 
salman sir. please fulfill my aim i want to meet you please meet me
please call me
sir you are roll model for me. i got inspired by you and joined delhi police. if i meet you it will be equivalent to meeting god for me
my bharat is great. if india studies only then it will move ahead
8527106761 plz Salman sir. give me a chance to meet you
fill my pockets oh god let me meet salman brother
please salman sir. make some time for this poor person give me an appointment to meet you
fill my pockets oh god let me meet salman brother
salman sir. two minutes of your life will fill my life with happiness. please meet me.
its not possible that salman sir asks and the work isnt done. you are god sir. my god.
send one reply to me salman g. now everypne else knows. when will you know?
you are supr hiro
i like and love you salman khan and yes do you read our comments you said on tv that you read all comments was that true or were you lying
in the apex we can atleast the orientation thing done
while sitting in the library with him tomorrow, ill go through the entire proposal that we had submitted
This book was found after pirate-surfing for a few hours
oh and where do i download it after buying
But I guess the fourth years dont come in the meetings either.
then asking in the next meeting What happened in the last one 
A few days ago we were talking about the student bodies
You will also be in the Parliament next year unless you decide otherwise
I do not have much idea , im rather buys procastinating assignments
How to read such a huge reply , this passes all previous records
the meeting tomorrow morning, can you pls elaborate
Given that u ppl r privileged with good net connection , you do it
I want to be able to come to your place easily , not worrying that it'll be a bother .
I like to be independent and the public transport is ghanta ._.
I thought I would talk properly once I got here ..
Did anyone tell you that they have to dance?
exams are going to come soon and coaching work ..
You do not have to stay for me . Ill manage it by myself
Still, my health had become worse and I came back from Ahmedabad too.
If my parents agree  I will try  to come
If I come in, then the liquor party will be on time.. Then we will go back.
So that totally  depends on the plan of my house
If you are not free, then give me the bill.I'll check 
Right  now there is a litlle chick chick about the projext report
I had previously told my friend to remove a photo from my chat
It wanted to ask if the project ideas can be taken from the net or they have to be  original
I remember that  they put you where they think you'll do best
All four of us had applied, and all four were selected.
I've already roamed around here a lot.
what salos my wall has never been spammed this much.
Now there is oil in my hair, when  I wash them then they will become normal again.
I am looking at what has been given in the workbook
Will you put a problem set again in the surprise event?
Hey ? I always type in Hindi
Should I get my dad bankrupt ?
This was published a long time back
It took me an hour to get to tghe first post yesterday!
like the osts from the first ay on the last day
Open the group then it seems the circle is complete: ')
You had also given your allotment letter
apparently I was also very active  during that summer holiday
The testing in the past few daya was amazing.
now where are you going to study for the exams 
even the beer I drink is local nowadays
After going there , you will miss the food here
I have eaten awesome food over the past 3 Months
Some have returned via NY to roam
He might go out of India that's why 
In India, two point of contacts are to be given. What  did you give ? 
Whta have you given as the high school date of attendence
Ask sister how much it takes to get health insurance
and to top it all , there's the health insurance thing , which i have no clue about What to do ..
If I want to find it myself, I would suggest start doing that too
There iare not enough characterd for the name of the Institute <_<
But now I do not know how much time it will take
Hmm, its happens at different times, in different places.
I have asked to send a new soft copy
By the way , is the procedure online documented somewhere ?
Which part of yours is left in it
I Do not Think You Can Expect More in India
Fees are also epic in thses colleges
we will get dates immediately right  ?
Ill tell you When my letter comes 
But you tell me whenever you apply for a visa
So our visa process will be slightly different
If you get chance, it is not far away
Directly came in from the auto, it was raining a lot , so wasnt able to give the card
He said thats why he said 1  month  in all the formal mails
how many days did it take to change his mood 
I live near the college
Will refresh the memories of last summer
That day you came we hardlty met 
How annoying is the preperation time 
Are you applying to graduate schools?
did two after the coding round 
Can  I  please borrow your red heels?
did not see her for more than 10 minutes after the party
What are you doing on 4th july ?
I heard you returned one morning at 8 o'clock
 I want to spend all time with her , My dear mother
Also , I thought this link was spam : P because this type seems like spam : P
I was so sad to realize that There is no water here !
did sister say anything about the accomadation ?
There is a very long corridor there , which is called the infinite corridor 
I was feeling so happy 15 minutes ago
Of course, you come home. We will do cooking experiments.
Just that it will be someone in the city whom I know
Then I wont have  to miss home food on weekends too!
I am surprised and happy that you will be there!
You know we are going to the same city girl !!
Dude lsten room portal was messed up !!
I have sent a mail through you ffor requestin a room to the Parliament
I have gathered from almost everyone, you have to give now.
Dude, our track trousers might have gotten exchaged in the trek clothes
If you have a dark blue trouser then tell me
the place from where you enter the mess that corridor on the third floor 
Remember last time, I was telling the right thing
But beyond that it is difficult
do you have any idea with 4400 rank what branch you will get in our college
should i delete the tag or did you ? 
And a few more tshirts through reimbursement
Wont be getting this much discount otherwise 
In December intern was not an option
Hopefully wont be sitting at home in the summer 
And the weather here is awesome 
What wind and sea breeze 
My hospitality is awesome 
Today my internet is okay, so yours would be bad
Not sure , what is happening.
so I pinged you seaprately and told you guys how to write the stuff
you can do on the same chat
have booked a cab that guy is calling again and again 
My seminar is also fine right ? 
Take a sim quickly in Zurich
yeah just make sure that cabs are available
today we'll work in the day and play in the eve okay ?
I think juice brother will open sometime .
I did not get the photos ofyou people , otherwise
Accordingly, just have to do the data tagging
Say that you're delivering Sweet boxes  to local hyderabad relatives
Look at it very carefully, it is a little odd.
Yeah like they would speak english and here half the people 
I told her that Everyone in the same room is not a good idea .
How is the packing going?
you were supposed to tell her 9 o clock
son yopu told me about the coat too late 
I'm gonna get some referrals
Nowadays there are milk packets that do not get damaged without any fridge.
Now there is no reason for shopping:
the convocation is on the weekend  , so a lot of batchmates wouldbe here today !
Have not done it for a long time and need to thin down before the wedding !
Sending it to brother because i have never sent it 
Finished my whole balance because they forgot to activate my internet .
the Vodafone people are making me cry.
I have heard that they give a lot of work on the very first day
I do not get such a classy accommodation even today ...!
I found this company that delivers your luggage to your home from hostel .
So I had to give him the blouse again , brother make it smaller
I liked a few and then thought that Mother would make it much better : D
You will come o India in between and then we will all visit US
when she calls I'll take her details , and get back to her with the prices
So these days , a different game goes on in the wing .
I will take the petticoat when I pick up the blouse.
The blouse is given to fittings.
havent sent them yet , but he took the details from me
Where do you see active minutes
she'll come for the first time, let us see what she can do for me 
If nothing happened then we do not lose anything 
Amazing palpations are happening son 
Son my per peice cost price hasnt been completed 
its your lunch time now.
Another news is that her marriage has been fixed
Why did these attacks happen?
It's fine now , by morning he was back to his old self ...
That big beads will also be a very helpful.
Whenever you order from that , just make sure the sizes are what you need .
I didn't find hoopla findings anywhere else
There is also a memory wire here
I'm feeling a little bit that we need to order large quantity from the website.
Today dressed her up a lot and made her model
I walk so much that sometimes I do 20 thousand
I do not understand what to say after hearing all this
You have made amazing stuff. Absolutely wow! : D
Should I get the one with 7 pm arrival in Delhi ?
I ordered a book for his birthday, on his address: D
Says monkeys don't come in his colony because they aren't allowed to come.
If I don't get a reply from facebook in a week, i'll apply to google also
I have made huge promises to sisiter , because she had to spend so much for last summer !!
I was thinking that if you got selected, then what all would I give to sister and father?
The phone is charging I'll send it in a little while.
Sister gave me earring earlier.
Has your final exam schedule come
O Lord God, the paper played band if my sleep
Nothing, just submitted a term paper.
Nothing, working on a term paper, have to give it by night.
but its my holiday , since I have thursdays off
Well my college does not have a holiday
Madam is so tall yet wears heels: W
Is it due to changing weather
How are his head bumps ?
No matter if little fun is reduced!
I'll talk to you properly once I get back to campus : P
I'm glad I spoke to her only, had you done it, it would have been hard to explain.
i can understand your urge to have fun in delhi , you are going there after so long .... !
The market will be very crowded before Diwali
son see if the stars have come out there.
Nothing was clear in the voice in the call last night
Yesterday I do not know why I felt not all was well with you
The whole of my whole is my son , i used to do things like that all the time
Used your face paints also : D
Presently practice competition is going on.
Surely you are your mother's daughter , i used to resort to doing such things
Last night I applied nail pants to my hand:
Come on, wherever you get inspiration from, you must surely do all this! : D
It is supposedly not available in Hyderabad.
tell me As soon as you find out, otherwise the thing will be out of stock.
I liked the color also
if all My weight goes it will be painful.
The blue dress was given by Didi: D
Other children are in the hostel or have disappeared
I've recently started wearing the ganeshji you had given me .
you got the chana, poori and halwa right ?
Aunt also used to wash my feet.
Slept very late in the morning... have just lied down after class.
poha and idli and the best sambar and chutney , and tea and watermelon !
It's been a few days you've been running ... now take it a little easy.
have fun relax finish all the backlog of your work
Do not remember Might have made the logo
I think at sister's time she used to practice for it
I was a little sad that the courier didn't arrive
I am planning to make Chhola Bhatura in honor of your bday
No problem take your time to decide
Saying that he was asked to check ... and if you have already talked then it seems that he has forgotten
Son first let the stamina develop. Just a little bit of breathing makes get me out of breath.
Now if someone starts telling me jokingly about having babies now .. i would just laugh it off .... !
Right now 4 of us are sitting and discussing ideas for the hack : D
Rest in the bus so that you are fresh when you reach bangalore .. !
Do you still have a cold
So i was wondering if it was him or it is a different person
Is there reservation to go to bangalore tomorrow
class for speech happens only once a week .
It'll be fine without meds
How is packing going?
packing Is great .. but so much to do .... !
You tell me ... where you are now, at your room or elsewhere
at the room, got it cleaned up today after many days
was about to have a nap, then will go the lab
you're the first person who's having fun.
Going great ... now what to do next
I will basically write code so that this whole sentence becomes of correct standard language
Like all the hindi words will be written in devanagari
i was looking at Our earlier chats also
It should be interesting how the computer can fix it by changing it
Found some sentences that I can use which contain Hindi words
update me , what's going on in Lanka ?
believe that we are shifting to delhi .. only when we get on the plane ... !
Can not believe that the plane got delayed again!
I hope when I reach by that time you guys also reach!
everyday something or the other comes up n we stay in the same place
I can help in getting the stuff set up
before .... stuff should reach delhi ... with mw n dad
The kind of insect bite I got, the same bite came up on her
As of now you're coming on the 7th right ? 
She got operated yeasterday, Now today she is on holiday
I hope she isn't in pain now
There is so much stuff to transfer, he's telling me that I'll join in the airport .. you take all the stuff to the airport
This will not work out
you'll handle this much stuff alone
He tells me people form the office will come to help out
How much packing is done , And how much is left
They need to be wrapped in plastic at the airport as therie is no system for locking them.
Will everything go on the flight?
Can't things be transported by freight ?
yes 3 more people are going to delhi that day from the office !
What about breakable stuff ?
Papa's Office files and books are coming from cargo
Both of us are coming from Business Class
Oh nice! You'll be driniking champagne G: D
there is 50 kgs more of transfer allowance 
The stuff that is left papa can send with ppl who go to india
Yes sound good :) When do you have to empty the house of Sri Lanka?
If you're in lanka after 9th i can come and help with the packing of the stuff
The house has to be handed over to the landowner officially on 22 feb	
I was so empty from my side, go from here
Empty the house and the stuff that is left, make their cartons and keep them in the office
Hey Mumma, my blankets have become quite smelly
Should I get them dry cleaned?
yes i hope he doesn't get stuck in sri lanka over something 
Yes, bacterial infection in them can be very harmful, you should have done this very long ago
The smell increased recently , that's all
I laughed a lot after hearing what drama all this is
It is the effect of the movies there: D
Everyone's a bit more dramatic
Oh yeah, she must be sad that you are going
He told me that he's been praying to god
Tell him that our whole family prays to 10 gods
The security partner in the office is an old man
It is a matter of happiness, Dad influenced so many people, so Positively
Look ahead what life has in store for us . !
Sister also got scared what is happening
He gives a family-like feeling, always talks so nicely
he gives a distant relative like feeling
You did so much hardwork ;
Due to time zone, people register first
He was sleeping, so we decided to go in the Evening.
Give it, if there's an emergency or something.
I wrote the code mixed
yes but there are so many only hindi sentences
So you might get something Tomorrow morning <_<
I thought its been taken for emergency
That cafe was quite nice anyway
It opened last month only
And did you guys know that there are drive in theatre and food courts in Hyderabad ?
I think this is all super awesome.
Need to learn driving and then have to buy a car:
And just for reference , does anyone know good cafes where you can sit and work
I either go to deli 9 , and will also go to whiteboard from now on
I can see how hard you are trying out
I was laughing , while I ws reading them . : P
BTW , where have drive in theatres and food court opened : D
Come for the seminar
There is  your name also in the presence sheet.
I completely forgot, come in 2 minutes!
She must be there, I got her call
Is my name there ?
OK, no problem
Otherwise I'll have to sort the sentences when I finally make the dataset
Alright , only code mixed sentences From now on
next Week our reviews are also coming up 
did you get the results for your submissions.
2 packs of rolls will be quite good
Holidays are very limited
Yes ya work has started
And now hotel has been given as accomadation
Sounds good.
Ill go to the beach tomorrow 
But wont be done for now
lets have dinner
we are office people now 
He has set different benchmarks now 
I thought you were giving reasons to not stay in the hostel
Well this message just arrived
I am happy and satisfied
Let's hope you're happy at the time of eating 
I am quite happy by the surprised dessert
Get anything cheap with chocolate
I'll boil the eggs first
if you want to eat that is
So if you find out that it is being done, then tell
If you do not go abroad, you will most likely come here :P
IT is so cool that you all are at the same place
You do not have any scene for here
Now the interviews are being scheduled.
Is there a plan to come to Bangalore in the near future?
Campus seems so empty 
How many changes have been done in the answers ?
Do not say such things 1 day before the exam
The idea is to read what the book is?
Cheat sheets can be made right 
Will start making them now
it has to be done on interface accessibility right?
are you coming to the campus today?
I'll tell you if something is found out
why are you writing please please 
I will not start yet I guess 
Is there a class on Saturday?
I mean, 3-4 absentees of people who do not come to class at all!
Its the cameras magic.
Im here so I'll take you guys out !
every  sentence is a new level
we were charged for ultra for a bucket of 6 
what came was premium right ?
I just checked that the pasta was not charge twice
yesterday who drank how much beer from the dispenser 
We definitely should get there early so we can get something to drink and eat .
Usually I am the goat for sacrifice anywhere
I thought you would be busy.
I went to the party and the phone got left in the purse.
All boys get it tied in the boys hostel
If you can get the answer key  tomorrow then Ill check 
I think we all know after an exam how it went 
Gradually increase your concentration.
You never encountered concentration problems?
Study time should not decrease , You already need to put in more work
Yes i will make sure thaty i dont get too tired 
The body does not work at all, and that is probably the reason for sleepiness
See the idea is good but make sure you manage time 
By the way I've decided today that i will start running in the morning 
So keep some sour chewing gum in your room
I have been trying to wake up for a long time but its just killing my time 
Okay , Do not sleep again , but then try to wake yourself up .
And things that were useless, which were not fun and did not work, avoid them.
You should know what you have done
My sleeping hours have increased.
I have to go now , there is a meeting.
Just bcz of that level increase I could not understand anything in the beginning .
I do not even know how to properly manage tym
Do not touch your phone in the classes
You are delaying it  and then will delay your time to study
Right now its your time to sleep ?
I have generally observed that if you give half the time with concentration then work gets done
See, it's okay, if you follow it honestly.
Tell your schedule, what do you do all day?
I wish I could tell you each problem which is becoming an obstaclen here
how inspirational are you ?
But do not target lower , because if you miss those colleges then there will be a problem
My one year drop will be useful.
Went to roam with friends
I'm glad you went home!
I remember home food the most at hostel
just the hostel kids and two friends in coaching 
No problem . Next year you will be at a much better post than them
All my friends graduated last year, as they were in the 4 year course
I will have to see the proper address
Or will someone send it on your behalf ?
studies are also going fine now 
hostel from tomorrow and then coaching from the next day
I work a lot in the week, and then have fun in the weekend 
There I will need inspiration a lot of times 
was taking the details of the exam from my friend
You wait this much for the weekend 
evertyhing is very late 
Whatever entrances you have given
they are asking you to apply for it 
Wait for results
have you thought about it yourself does the option seem right to you 
There are so many distractions at home
If you work hard for one year then you will surely get goodresults.
If it is happening in a decent college then it is okay
There are so many people dropping in my college
Both of my best friends had taken
when I decided to go for Kota a lot of collefge names come up 
here the competition is very tough 
I hope these people give a job after the internship 
Yes, so you have decided right ?
Do not think after taking the decision.
I know you have never been separated from home.
You will be able to talk, often at home.
Today the technology is so advanced that you can can do anything from anywhere .
When I came to the USA thus time I knew no one 
There are always some friends and family.
Marks on general are good 
Later, who who will  ask the schools highest
I did not get the highest in any of my subjects in school.
I also talked to my class teacher today and she said that I can do much better
I dont know why im a little lazy in these things
Nothing will happen if you give up 
And then in the end if you think the options are not right , drop it 
First try everything this year 
And i can try for other colleges this year also
If you dont study it will be useless.
See study properly after taking a drop
I also wanted to go to a college like this. No problem right now you are in FB what else would you want
The concept of Mains started only after I came to college
There are many more colleges
Something works out
I did not have net so could not find out anything 
Go to counciling
Do not know other colleges like this 
Actually, I do not have a net connection now .
Its hard to check on a phone if there is a different entrenace for admission 
Oh yeah that happened some time ago
Hmmm I have downloaded brochures 
For that, the first link is there. In that there is a different enterance for maths 
You have been my best sister since college
But if you  remember something then tell me.
In my time the exam got delayed .
external factors are not a reason for the exam to go badly .. Its a matter of preperation.
I know my board cant be ruined by the weather , its because I studied less.
See its fine about the weather . Do you really think that the board exam went  bad because of the weather?
Actually there were a lot of scenes this time.
First the board exams and then the weather was really better.
Like taking a drop is not the advantage if you do not think you wil study next year
Look, i know this is hard  , but do not spend time being tense
Later you wont realise that it took an extra year 
The only solution is hardwork
I have to do a lot of work before the boards 
It's just a matter of how much you can handle.
everyones 12th grade is hard
Take pictures of the drama people
Ill Save the number
i think you're the first person from that Lab whome Ive been talking too 
Today, I thought I had a lot of fun Now I  will work for the next two weeks.
Videographer must have done it 
Sadly, there was nothing to be done.
No , the spacing was not coming out right
Where did the last semseter go , i didnt come to know 
I am not sure if I should get my ticket 
And dont get worried about the accomadation 
If i dont manage I have relatives there I will stay with them  
i checked the menu , there are koftas today 
you will survive on coffee till evening 
Since I eat in the mess now
A friend got into a problem
ive got a deadline in 4 hours , ping you at night please ? 
i went to a localite's house yesterday !
This year the freshers didn't experience that awesomeness which we did .
I did not know that I would be able to the whole trek . The fort was really high 
But Yes, we will do all the craziness at night 
I am happy that there are holidays
i thought of a friend , then i saw your name and i was like what did i do now
I was typing since a long time
Whenever I go to logout 
my mind played instruments before i realised you were kidding
I cant beleive that I have proof also
I save everything
i will send the screenshot 
If there is a lot of  storage capacity then give me a little
Cheap beer is great 
if you wnat to get someone else ticket tell me quickly 
they have confirmed it 
im doing research work these days
The plan was made weirdly
On that day a meeting was scheduled with the professor of the lab 
if he gets a bonus you will get a party
Please refer me there 
all that i know in life is typing 
When you type, the table shakes . i acknowledge woman power 
which i did not eat becuase it was lamb
Their juicy lucy burger is the best
Do you have a black duppatta 
Can I borrow  it from your room now?
Come if you are free 
Im outside the room for a little while 
okay will you send me the link if that is still open ?
before my attendance goes i will mark myself present  
what do i have to do other than the 50 sentences in the lingo assignment 
maam please do not say thanks
what will i have to do while analysisng the 50 sentences
this assignment file of test data on courses 
Make a nice report right now
Ill change everything
Will you just replace and change the tags ? 
Dude Sir gave me different sentences 
I might not be in the room and so could you call me when it is over
If it gets a little late then please wait.
You have sent the timetable this time as well 
Which open elective should I take ?
Whenever you are free for 15 min please inform me 
Tell me whenever you dont have any deadline 
It will take longer than expected, so it will have to wait & lt; _ & lt;
Lets meet up and talk after 7th evening otherwise i will tell you a little bit over fb only 
get bad grades than people
The second year paper is also like the first year paper and anyways what is the exam pattern 
Do you have any assignment
Maybe i got such an  assignment , but lemme check if i have it
You have a lotof mistakes, you have the hindi tagger assignment in soft copy, right
But i had an epic sleep in life studies
It depends on the one's convinience dude.
The one with which you get a copy paste feel, do that on the laptop and then take the printout.
If you do it properly, you'll good marks
Edit some sentences to make it easier for yourself
Children's book will have small sentences.
But please refer me next year
I can get your reference there 
Tomorrow is sister's birthday.
so, let's meet at 6 that day then 
How did you write such a formal message?
It shouldn't happen that all enough people don't reach both the clubs
ill order something for myself only then
Mostly  will make coffee at 10 o'clock with the milk from the mess
my god how mych does she sleep 
This needs to be Googled oblivious.
ill come next week when i get good marks
Actually i did not read the full post sincerely 
definitely watch the second one 
Because we have also spread out in the city
If not we will think of something else 
My net pack exceeded today morning , so it's been shut all day !
Can you come to Paradise in the evening?
okay my manager has come 
Let's see what happens next in your story
I am also a girl from an Engineering College.
meaning she's obviously not in your college .
She was there in my pune society
Join facebook for my sake
I will go and tell my father properly now .
Go there and try alcholic stuff 
but we were only able to eat one meal.
they will make us Work like asses in summer.
Maybe this time they realosed they are too many people!
They're only taking intern folks now.
Their interviews are currently underway.
I said that I will give it after the internship.
A guy makes  5 lite 
tell the name if you come to college.
Then i will rag her : D
My Friend became  Very Happy By seeing that writeup
It is likely that he is coming there
But think about it there will be more food at the wedding now
If you're not there then take a leave and come  !
let me know if there is any problem
I can already imagine you scaring the grooms side with your hyperness
I had come to know that she is getting married!
anyone need vada pav let me know
Please take care from now on 
we don't find you all and thought you left
They ignored and left 
I have to go with the team only right ?
Just tell it once, u will not be here.
I get very tense
Do you have an office clothing type pant , which is above the knee ?
The courier has been given
There was someone outside then and i could hear knocking 
In case you take time 
Solution to Messenger's Problems
I'll tell you for  sure in a couple of days
because they gave me fake earpods for free later .
Do they only change the screen or anything
you told me last tine that you gave your phone for repair somewhere
Told her that the first draft was mailed by mistake
You will continue to be notified as it will be known
I do not know how much time it will take.
After dinner I have to study for tomorrow's paper.
i was sleeping having sold horses
You're the one with two exams so Whenever you are fine.
she wrote in the mail to give the assignment
so on thursday if ma'am asks something we'll have something to say
I was thinking we will talk tomorrow and then do it
if we Do it now, it will look like we were stalling
It'd be better if the people with jobs tell.
Check the places out and suggest where to go.
Alcohol is not allowed since it's Thursday.
Mom and dad are coming tomorrow, she won't be there tomorrow, you can sleep then, we were thinking of going today
I'm sure we are going to have drinks with them too.
I have already kept the mattress for them.
I'm assuming that we are the only ones who are going.
Lets decide the place then.
I think they consider when you attended while grading.
Hopefully the proxy will not be discovered.
I do not know how lenient is the proxy business.
No, I have to give proxy for someone.
I'm not sure where i will keep the shoes.
That'll ensure that it reaches you quickly.
These shoes shoes are so big, they occupy half the room.
I'll increase the size of my feet.
I mostly do the other person's work.
Please send the answer if you get them.
//
Even if we have to change the guide.
so i think the relevance factor will help.
Need the guide's permission.
It mostly depends on the research guide.
Then the 70th clause will come in the middle and even the college will not fund it.
Don't think that the college will finance that much.
Everyone will get bored if we go to historical places.
We need to make something like a yearbook.
So, of all the events that have happened in this year, select photos and print them.
we'll select some pictures.
I'll take money out of the main budget for this.
If such a thing does happen, I'm sure it'll get handled.
There are a lot of awesome people in the batch who are capable of dealing with extreme situations.
If it seems to be happening, as a batch we will step in
If the major people representing this batch are divided
If it were to happen, maybe it would be a bit better
As I said, it was a very selfish reason!
and cook up a good excuse if she asks :)
I will apply where I think I will enjoy.
Let's hope I get selected somewhere.
Listening to a half hour rebuke if okay when you compare it with a fun filled summer :)
Going out for an internship gives a better experience
I'll mostly do the same thing this summer too.
Messenger payment has been blocked, my friend
Give it to me using Messenger payments.
Within how many days does Chase Bank give a debit card?
As in the before and after start and end dates .
He has taken my case lightly
I have not filled the budget one
Any idea as to how to fill it?
They told me that the one I've submitted is old.
And was the English Certificate given to you old too?
Man, I have been asked to complete the budget worksheet.
How did you take out the course list?
No man, will have to message
Someone's message came.
Was there someone's interview yesterday?
What were your first round's questions
Man, what were the questions asked to you in the first round?
Man, mine has been shifted to Tuesday
But the view was perfect and the room were quite good too
But there were stairs there
I have some tension that I do not book the wrong place as it is with maternal grandfather
No no we stayed at a hotel
All my family members work with the railways
There is an Army base there.
If you know any army, then help him out
The place is not crowded at all
and, there are meadows and beautiful open grounds
When will your interviews take place?
Everything is just very difficult
//
Yes I'm really late today
The entirity of today went by watching the match and procrastinating.
Will come straight from the lab to the party or come from home?
I have a reputation that I do not speak
Pneumonia in Delhi summers, how did you even manage that !
Looks very cool from the outside
Anyway, you'll get good hotels.
Maternal grandfather lives in Delhi, and he loves Hill stations.
They suggested to go here: D
Ask the person who did it last semester
He calls people from outside for talks.
No one looks at interests
but we'll do something about the learning
Needed information about lens
You'll only manage the club from next year
All the edits that have been done so far have already been uploaded.
But I think some people are going for a movie
And have to submit tomorrow night
Something will happen in the campus tonight also
This time the college is also too crowded
We are also going to do a lot of makeshift work
You'll also have a deadline pending ???
have done a very basic sorting
//
Messed up my studies in the end
but considering the fact that I've also done coding
My end sems go the worst
//
Though i hear there is going to be a lot of work to do now.
So finally the camera got repaired ???
I literally don't want to make myself an open book !
My one friend is failing for sure.
The complaint has reached the warden.
Our wingmates got stuck in the birth celebrations yesterday.
How is the second year going?
Also have to learn how to take care of the camera.
Got to learn how to click awesome pictures.
One gets proper food at their house.
Yes i remember how she would go on and on about avocado.
Passion Fruit tastes weird.
I got to know about you when i pinged him to congratulate him.
Please get photos clicked.
I'm surprised i didn't tell you.
We had to make cartoons for bonus points in my today's humanities exam.
Hope that people there don't get to know about your violent streak.
Are you sitting for placements too?
How are the applications coming around madam?
To be honest you can get it many other stores.
Any local stores where you know its available.
When and where do you want to have lunch?
You'll get more variety there.
There are so many shops at the airport!
I'll ask my sister if they're cheaper than the local stores .
I think I got better deals at the airport.
And then I'll go and do my work.
Please call whoever you are supposed to call.
He pinged you too.
You did not answer then!
Otherwise only one person would drive the boat and pay double.
We would have to find out the timings.
It came on our mailing list.
And by the way, you are telling me today when the registration has closed.
I also registered.
What was the problem if the bus went.
Never mind, I'm watching it live.
Tell me whenever the decision is made, I'll come over to the house.
My weekend is probably going to get used up in the lab.
Go if you want, but buy the tickets for sure.
But if you go to the statue then its going to take the entire day.
Fireworks are taking place today in Boston
I was going to write "if you know what i mean" in brackets.
Tell them that you are sick.
I don't know, tell me quick, my message is showing "seen" status.
We will buy tickets for an earlier time.
//
Literally got cleaned in 8 minutes.
I don't know but I was feeling like going to the mueseum.
I did it but most probably they won't be free.
I'll do medical insurance's work quickly.
Once my stomach gets better I'm gonna treat myself to something awesome.
Man, I have to make a game in the workshop today.
Sorry got time to see the phone now.
I just left, I am going out right now .
We'll plan something convenient.
There are a lot of tantrums of piracy here, right?
Right now she's with me but she'll get back in a while.
Listen , just check with me before you go to meet sister.
Take it from sister after half an hour.
He said lets do it together today.
And here all of them eat lunch early.
I have meeting at one today.
I"m not sure wether they'll accept easily for 7 people.
We probably wouldn't have done it, if you wouldn't have cheered like that.
I guess it shouldn't be a problem.
Yes, but I'm thinking wether we'll leave on time or not.
Otherwise uneccesarily his office time will get wasted.
Expected arrival depends on God only.
//
Mine is pretty good , i've -put a hundred things on it.
Now I am also going to get one for myself soon .
I honestly have no idea what to do.
There is no need for so much explanation.
You had removed the bag when I got into the bus.
Make your slow typing photo public.
I'm unpacking now.
Will call you when I reach the hostel.
And which football team do you support?
Who Has the Plastic Bags
We were thinking about getting it made in the campus one.
And I'm not singing in the memory of my roommate.
What are you doing about the signature?
I have played the sky full of stars in this video.
This is a weird sample.
Okay, play it on my guitar..
.
What are you doing with your guitar?
We try eating at the office so that we don't have to eat at home .
It will come.
I thinl you have told about it
She also uses hike a lot
How is your leg?
I will be able to stay only there anyway , I told her that time I'll be taking that flat
My wing will get empty next semester
How will you register then?
Will take permission for late registration
cool, sit and cry in the corner
We can't trust you now
We're getting so much cash
But I'm in between something , and I'll sleep off as soon as I reach home
So how did you read in a class?
My two papers are by the way
One of which is this humanity course.
This is also the first night meal treatment is your
Thanks for the fear dosage .
Does anyone have any notes?
Please reduce the parse to share, please share
Saturday's parents are coming
The help center was damaged and I will fix it tomorrow.
Call one another
We will Strictly meet again .
I was supposed to meet once but my guess is time now
I thought I would be busy in the excursions.
She was close to expecting the presence of her
So my father is not in name
So have to be edited separately.
Did you register first?
The presence of the register was today not near the sir
You are in my hi project group
Who is watching the assignment main address
You may be busy in research
It is quite dual in this GRP
Some guys will start playing, so all the piles will come
There is no plan for people before dinner, so can you play
Play group
Did you play the last card with a bean?
it's highly unlikely ke permission mile
To make it possible for dad , lets end the sem with basketball
Tell me what is the scanner of yours today?
I'll book a table, you get ready until 7.30
Take a look at the cab, pahr is giving weight time.
Later it was revealed that he was out of the premises.
No will be late
Come and talk to the college.
Friday will be my reality.
sry, i'm just bothering you
When will you come back from the photowalk?
After the motivation went away
chalk on , I beat you at this game .
I'm not doing downloads.
tere pass software ka assignments honge last time wale ?
I wrote a Centi post tomorrow batch group pe
Your batch is great
My brother always said that these retrospect, many problems seem small.
As far as you've really made peace , then there should be no regrets
Straighten the child a little bit of a map
I have also written a master
I do not even feel like graduation date
I do not know where my mentor is.
You guys are going to board a flight from?
Have you done any planned appointment?
Also in that option hai ke agr presently pursuing to leave blank .
How long will the finish be in it
There is a post on the FB group in the contact.
haan sirf transcript hi upload ki thi mostly
But initially he had not to submit.
maine start date like di , since perhaps the compulsary field tha form mein .
Man what he filled the new main document, the main document.
meri transcript Two havent been able to fill the forms completely
All of you I got transcript miles?
The same thing was in the encoding form, there was a field in the Job Title
What is written in your proposal letter
What is the name of the job?
Passport wala grandpa on the safe side .
Man has given no time limit, how long will you come?
She had first thought of one week before the office for the evening
There is no alternative except to weight
They can say that the fee for the loan should be copied
So please do not give up, we will not be able to pay fees
The man is a long time-down transcript, not giving the transcript.
He has just told his date of joining the GRP
So you send a request to him
When the end is added, then the question is raised
There are interns all around the world
Then what project were they speaking today?
What to try to get canceled
Can work but he will not agree
Whenever you guys work , brick dena .
After that we logged into what was not in it
Such questions were fun
No, Thought, June and May, how are you Eliminate?
The class is over you?
But exams because of my friend took time to reply .
Let's all right , I'll let you know some nice options soon .
Make choices of the place, we do not have Debt Deed before.
Such a great sari behavior has accumulated
Hey you had treatment on the birthday.
It was a matter that now you should treat both of you together.
Do you people eat something other than chicken?
The time limit is that some people tell me a little while
sare photobombs ke link share what
You have to tag only.
The good thing is that you commented.
These funnels will always be remembered
Find out the air cafes lounge
I have come to perform!
The Jokers are made only by us.
So much pressure for getting taiyaar , and for entertaining .
If you do not come prepared well then you pay
But I only regret a little bit of regret
Second photo not only
that should even have the juice Brother brother
Yes it was the discussion with Mamma
Everyone said that what the question is asking
Did you talk today? We went to Angara for dinner
Are the brochures ready?
Remember the last time we made an informal brochure?
I mean, if you're free, else it's lite
Wanted one generalized structure
Write it and give it to me in a couple of days
Send it to me, I'll compile the entire data for the website.
First I only added the parliament members to get approval.
By the way could you brief me the purpose.
There is a spelling mistake in the end.
I also want to attend.
My butts is dead.
Just took the final injection.
I got a ping that he wants to leave
My Bapu thought it's best not to give credit
In mine, the security key goes home.
My debit card never works in online transactions.
Which night show do you want to go on Saturday?
I am going to the night show on Sunday.
No camera around the water.
some have already booked their tickets , to come back , because they think the trip won't happen.
I really expect to go somewhere, man!
The ghoomna is made on the same floor.
I am also going to the cousin's house.
Saala they didn't even give a certificate yaar!
Actually the shirt now, saree hasn't been sold yet.
Let it happen once, then we'll see about giving the prizes.
But farewell starts at 7:30. With that in mind, when to do it, tell me. 
Is there an organizer's number?
But return the money quickly, please :P
Else we can do this next Sunday
Although I wish we had more options.
Does the sound not in your wing from below?
I will have a lot of work after the exam.
Later I'll change that part of the code , if need be .
Now, we don't have the energy to do it again.
The data is split into words.
There's a problem is stemmer.
Shit yaar, the first song is awesome.
They're now your floormates.
You are good man, continue to give these links.
How to I come via train from abroad?
Is your return flight booked?
You are booking the plus cab.
Since I have Box phone for the time being.
Drink, if it exceeds the budget then you pay.
And their mustard greens and corn bread.
If someone has a design in mind, then sketch it and give me.
Meanwhile, I'll think of something too.
Now that the final have happened, hwo do we go about finalizing the designs?
If the 6th final would've happened, I can manage somehow.
If no one caused chaos in batch , some of us can go and talk
I feel 6th is still better than the other date
Girls ensure farewell dates so that everyone is around.
But that is kind of okay, nowhere as much fun as the actual farewell.
But no one raised a issue on the weekend.
Finalize the date now!
That includes weekdays.
Previous form was for this thing only.
I'm not asking for consenses on weekdays.
There will be no consensus on which day to keep.
Should have asked the unavailable on this form to fill weekdays too.
Then we'll have to ask who isn't available on which day and so on and so forth.
What was the problem before March?
If you want to do damage minimizatio only, then consider March also I mean.
This is only logical, to minimize the damage.
Yaar one guy gave a suggestion somewhere.
Even if all the faculty and all the students agree, 
Arre, it's fine only, if someone has a issue, they'll speak up. 
Now if the people who make arrangements will cry then?
But first let's see if everyone agrees?
First of all, let's figure out if there is no problem with weekdays.
And really, is my reason selfish?
I have not even seen this in the past year.
I will watch the video
Can not reschedule the entire events due to one now.
One would think that your exams are going on.
When do you want to talk together once about syllabus?
I'm here during my summers.
So let's do it before if you want.
Some people of that wing are also staying.
If this is cool, I will make a group
But first, tell me, is it looking fine?
Exams are at the same time.
There's no job, she's saying
Yes, hope she doesn't have to take.
Yes, known brand only we'll order.
Since different photos don't have privacy settings.
Share the album with Friends only.
I'm in the lab, I'll come to the room and change.
Such bad jokes shouldn't be cracked.
Will see and then discuss it tomorrow
I'm surely going to the festival .
Numbers are rising like dogs.
With me 30 type people are going
Then lets assume today if when I get hurt I will get it done tomorrow
Yearbooks are made by us only or does the junior batch make it?
Ask on group?
Is there any slambook being made for our batch? 
That's why such questions are being asked.
I mean, anyone took the photograph of the jump or jump site?
I had made some changes , but they caused some errors.
They've carried forward through the rest of the code.
I'll fix it, but it'll take some time.
If I don't do the project in summer then will my workload increase next semester?
So I am collecting information.
It is believed that she also gets work done.
How much you want to go also matters.
We've to compare both the stories.
How do we detect sarcasm? 
Currently I am uploading the same.
Nothing is opening on my laptop.
Now how do I convince someone that the movie is bad.
Submission is day after tomorrow even though the presentation is in january.
Got to work on the project today.
I'll email by naight whatever i have done till now.
How is your animation work going on now
Something made from the tutorial
Is it for Linux in Windows?
For a command line, a shell script will be run right?
Here you will have to go to the command line repeatedly ???
So you will get net
Well one thing is that this thing just works in Chrome
i am just trying for the video file
Keep in mind that the code will not be repeatedly compiled in flash.
Then I will google what else we can do.
Abbe send what we have submitted in our name
should i post for tomorrow?
if i take off for 2 consecutive days i will die of shame.
So I thought maybe you're remembering me
What is the line
Tomorrow i will go with just the hostel people.
How's the weather now ?
Is there any registration deadline right now?
See u tomorrow evening
I just have to control my eating
Leave the human level
we will not go to the complete end
Watch this section
I have to study as well, what is all this?
Happy Birthday Sister
Live long! Ding Dong
Thank you akki 
are ..
Woke up? 
Had slept
Just woke up 
Nice
How are you?
I'm good
You tell me 
Everything alright, sister. 
Yes
Did you guys come from chennai? 
No sister, those guys didn't come. 
Till now
You didn't go? 
No sister.
I went to the temple
And, how was the birthday?
Ofcourse I was there.
Came home fast but in the whi house
arre..
So you must've gotten birthday gifts, the little brother types
Yes
my brother
Hello sister
Hello Akki
How are you
I'm great sister
Have come home
Just reached Nizamuddin
Just going home now in a bus
In
Yes
Brother told
My brother would've also come
I tried convincing him a lot, even told him that we will manage in a sungle ticket, but he said he wanted to work on his project.
Whi na 
I told him as well
Yes that..
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness . May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
guide you towards the path of success . Happy Holi !
Bastard
yes sister ..
Hello
 
 
Don't talk to me, you understand?
 
What are these bombs you're showing
To make you fly
Oh my baby became angry
 
 
baby ???
You'll get slapped so much, you'll forget to study
Your bombs are nothing compared my bombs
 
okay
Slaps from where? 
And tell me, how are you? 
Great
How is study going
Why gf is also baby or what? 
Sister isn't or what? 
Only studies are going on
Remember me by mistake 
And keeps moving
I am still angry with you
I do it
 
okkkk 
when is the wedding ?
Pooja said
No got your message
So did it
first
Then later Pooja told
Only if you come and see the boy
okkkk 
I don't know yet, but have you invited Pooja? Don't come
Yes okay
Talk to ze only
Why me
I am going to take a bath
Go
It smells bad
Go
Bathe
Yes, you'll get it from that far? 
Oeeeeee 
Hmmm
And is everything alright?
Yes sister
Is everything alright?
okkk 
when will you come back?
I am coming one day before holi
okkkk 
WHat gossip did that fatso spread about me in the night?
She said little, don't talk fatso
Not you, I called pooja fat
Yes, don't call her fat
Understood
Tell me
I became fat, yes?
Not a lot is happening
Hmmm
Listen, before you leave come visit me
Yes, I was thinking
 
Did
Elder sister
Hmm
I want to send something for him
What are you sending?
Patiala suit
We'll buy it together so I'll buy it and keep it
No matter
Don't send it 
Then I will give it to you
Avasarama dani face kosam 
Speak less, you're a kid, stay a kid
You speak less
Nunu Nouru Mossconu
Do not speak between the both of us
Say hindi
Nannu eppudu pampava dresses .. Dani kotta kotta dresses konpedtavu 
Not speaking hindi
Stop
Tranlate in hindi from ze only
 
I will get it done 
 
Fat
 
When will you pick it up
Now we will really get it 
Will you eat?
Patiala?
Send me two or four pajamas and  shirts too.
 
Do your work
run
I will take it whenever
I will give money while giving the bride away during the wedding
I don't know when I'll go shopping
 
Haha 
Don't want
Lol
Take ..
You don't come
Interest
When do you remember your sister?
Hey will come
Avani sister don't say no just like that
Only Pooja will come, that too in every function
And finally could not go
okkk 
What introduction of hers will you give to your family
introduction
If you do not come to mine then you'll get a beating 
Hmmm you got that right
Hehe
I will say this is a daughter-in-law to be
And then i'm surely not coming to the wedding
if you don't come you'll get beat up
Oh i'll go, do not take the tension
Or how is your mastery going
you don't ask
Bs
this
meaning ?
Speak in detail
say
Will tell
she is getting married
 
Oh how then?
her family is making her do it 
??
Hey you know Kamlesh Masi?
Yes maybe i know
Yes
His family is doing
he agreed?
He got a threat
Aaahahh?
How?
if you do not marry, we will do this
What will they do?
tehy will die
And he agreed
Oh, dude
parents are there
so what will you do now Di?
Anyway,you know our marriage could not have happened
Hmmm
Yes that's also the matter
You know Nikhil brother, he would have killed us
By the way he was a Scheduled Caste, and that would have been a lot of trouble, it is good that he is getting married somewhere else, otherwise my family would have killed me.
Yes sister
No problem you're a nice girl
Did something happen?
No
Do not take so much tension ...
Hmmm
Do you have trust in your sister
Or not
Yes I do .. why won't I have
Tell me what were you saying about Kamalesh aunt 
Hmmm
We still talk even now
Nicki sister is there that's why
Hmmm
I will show their pictures
okkk 
Do you have FB ID?
Mine ?????
Oh hers
I don't know it's not in my friend list
Oh, dude
what
???
I mean . They were saying that give them their pictures
okkk 
can be in Lucky brother's friend list
Well, she is very good, dont leave her okkkk
Pooja ?
Yes, she became a piece of the moon in the day?
She's also a girl that's why i'm saying as a human ...
So even i'm a human
 
I know how bad it feels when we are away from our love
Hey sister
i also know
I know
Hmmm
So please
Brother did i ever do something wrong
K D ... haven't done so far ...
Don't have to do also
Won't do sister ..
okkk 
good
Are you now with a fresh mind?
No
you don't look like it?
wedding *
I'm trying to
Hmm
Do you cry?
Hmmm
don't cry
your brother's there.
 
Hmmm
i know
okkk 
 
Hmmm
  
tell me more
what
Whatever
what
hehe
okay then, I'm going for lunch
okay bye
Elder sister
hi
Hi
What are you doing
I am watching TV
Serial
 
.. hmmmm
you got that right
What are you doing
nothing just sitting
With whom
woth Pooja
no sister
In the hostel
Tomorrow will go to temple
Hi sister
Hey, you have a lot of interest in caring then care.
okay
speak less
Yes
Tell him also to care for me
Crazy i care for both of you
you're biased towards girls
girls
ok baby
No
Eeeeee 
 
 
tell more
All okay ???
Just going to sleep now
Everything is fine
very Exhausted
okkk 
another assignment is also there
I mean another
okk
okay take rest
ok
Let's talk in the night
study then
goodnight goodnight
ok bye
gn
bye sister
Happy women's day sister
Thank you
 
Gm
Gm sister
Hii
Hii
how are you?
I'm good
Gm
Hi sister
 
Are you busy ?
hiiii
how are you
I'm good sister
You tell
Tell 
I am fine
You say
I'm just coming from evaluation in the prof's cabin
 
And sitting in the class
sister ram ram
ram Ram
how are you
im good
You came
Yo sister
came to the house
okkk 
Yoo
when will you come ???
Sister .. Now im not sure when I will come.
I have gotten too much work.
So quietly come
sister i'll try my best
okk
Do come
have to take her suit 
okkkk 
good
Hmm
Hey hey
Hmmm
How are you sister
What are you doing?
are
nothing
I am watching TV
Oh oh
Ashok .
 
No
kumkum bhagya 
man.. gross
gross
what
what
what all serials do you keep watching
Why it's nice crazy drama
By the way i find it okay
But how can u just only watch serials ..
for timepass
pass
Tamilla?
no
pass
ahaaan
Hmmm
I am
I am
Hmmm
and
all good
Come meet mother also
okk
Yes sister i want to go out
But have lots of college work
Come on
Am very confused
do it 
Take a look
Yes sister ..
So ..
Don't even have a 4-day holiday .. and mind want to go everywhere
okkk 
come on okkk
i'm waiting
Yes sister do not say so
i myself want to ..
okkk 
Aan 
are you upset?
Hmmm
what happened ?
nothing 
You didn't come to meet that's why
say
okay
sister i swear
promise
I do not lie
even Right now i have lots of work
you can ask pooja
i know
Babu no problem
If you are free, tell me
In fact, I am a little tensed about the future.
are
don't take maniac
Have to take ..
take
Nothing happens if you get tensed.
Hmmm
That's there but still
Hmm
Now i have to look for some good summer training tell more
okkk 
Yes ..
Just nothing
eat gujiya come
Why
Bring it
I love gujiya
Did you have food ?
sister is it okay ??
good
say namaste to sister and uncle okkk
if i come i'll bring
Hmmm
yes .. Gujia and Namaste Uhh
okkkk 
 
foodie
Hmmm
 
Hmmm
Playerette girl
Hmmm
 
what else ..
Why?
Oh no new
take
Will you not come home?
okkk 
 
I'll come now my mother isn't well.
very
What happened to Mummyji ?
Ask sister okkk
Mummy is in similar condition also .. she is sick herself
is
Hmmm
Say something ahead of hmm
what ???
doing Hmm hmm 
acha 
tell more
I'll just come after dinner
okkk 
maid
hi
Hiii
 
How are you
Fine
Haha 
Had food ?
Hmmm
Greetings didi
How are you
Greetings brother
Fine
you Tell me
Just having fun
okkk 
And how is auntyji?
Mummy is also okayish .. She has gone to hospital for aunty's checkup
okkk 
What happened to aunty
there are some problems with her.
okkkk 
And lucky brother has gone
no no
He's here right now
okkk 
Say Hello
Greetings to uncle
Yes fine greetings for sure
Hmmm
good
tell more
Watching movie .. awara pagal diwana
okkkk 
That you are
 
Yes it is Sai. Sure
Hmmm
tell more
that's all .. will start my project work today 
okkk 
Finish it quickly
Yes, want more net pack that's why right
Hmmm
don't you have wifi
no
come here
live here itself work also do here itself
Hahah ...
okay fine It's okay
Hmmm
How long will it take to come
will come Didi
okkk 
comeon Finish the work
Yes yes .... absolutely
sure
Sure
Mummy has come
okkk 
Ram Ram di
Hahaha
 
Do not take tension I'll feed gunjiya
you
Are you done
Should I tell pooja ???
Yes tell
I'm not scared
acha 
I know
So it's good then
Hmmm
Hmm
what else
Movie again
Do not study
Hehe
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness . May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
guide you towards the path of success . Happy Holi !
Hey
Yes
How are you
yo
you
Fine you tell me
Great we are
we are
Ohh
good night
Direct gn
 
Hahaha
Something like that
Hahah
tell me more
that's all great
You tell
me too
great
your dp is cute girl 
What is the matter is it that good
 
Now you're speaking
everyone ? Or now?
everyone*
 
hope your life has miths that has Cadbury silk
have shine that has berger silk
have fragrance like Gucci
Freshness like Colgate, have it free like huggies! HPP New Year 06
Regards
Priya Chawla hny to you n your family stay fit and fine
thank you hi
hi bye
what bye huh
stupid tell more
I'm great that's all which trophy ??
We sang a song and the girl is doing good
Great you say Wow such quick reply
 
Hey This is like my son Congos for singing
How do you know? Will you have shoes son? You only said
okay are these your brothers? Or friends?
Friend wow .. awesome
What happened to you hey in Hindi Awesome = Very Beautiful beautiful
hey That's why i asked I like talking in hindi, should I speak in linguist Telugu?
Ohhh
ok tell me then Ela unnaru ra pilla ? Inka em chestunnav ? 
you don't rememeber Tamil .. every moment your memory memory which you in tamil where is it in game? 
 
hey brother had taught me that if oyu don't know Tamil, then you say speaks tamil teri yada Han. I know he was making fun there , you say tariyadi .. precisely 
Hey tell no
Hehhe
Salle you've come here
didn't even meet hey where do you want to meet tell we'll meet
What would you like to do? You call a boy salla at 04 at night time. I'll report 0: 4
 
heheh When you want to meet let me know , will go through bahutosh's house and will meet.
okay but friend i am in shortage of time same here
Anyways ... you tell me more did brother start getting interested in black beauty ??
Yes, he seems interested. hey there is lot of black gold in here wherever you go.
I meant Black Fairy Black Beauty
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Oh ok hmm no it's not that right also son
What is right huh 
Good Morning good Morning
It is noon now whenever you wake up is morning
Oh yes .and What else are you doing
on an audit that's all,on which audit ?
Kec College
Mohan Naga Hey, what are you doing? I mean explain a little
Hey checking in hr and accounts
And checking in labs store 
Cash bank tax and all
is the leave right in hr or not
is the rupees right for the items in the lab
Did Kec grant you permission?
We are their auditor friend
they appointed ohh.. that's the matter.. do they appoint CA students too?
Yes good
yes
Haanji Tell more
what should i tell Kujh v das lae kudiye
Hey girlie
yes baby boy
boy
hey am I Balam or what??? mistake
NO no .. I do not know what you're saying
how are you looking
Son you look like a baby boy only no reh
Yes yes 
Hello ji comeon bye I've class
Heheh bye Happy lohri .. ram ram bhai ..
we came to ghaziabad
Ram ram ji
Brother decide 
So all of us let's meet
 
Yes Brother ...
Sure haha there is only one burger but many hungry people  it's very unfair 
Hahahaha
Yes brother was something like this only  Right brother But evem i like burger and i wasn't even called kamine
Hey . Man .. These bahutosh and vishal whenever they meet it is such a big thing .. And above that if mother allows me to go out. then more trouble Anyways never mind brother
Big people brother big people
 
Hey brother do not say that ...
Make plans to meet
Don't take tension
Let me come in my long vacation
Right now I have just come for a week
Hmm
It's okay
Week is enough brother
 
Let's meet on holi
Yes, dude
And my projects are also more
Ohoo brother
 
Let's see
Take out time brother
This week only
Lata was also speaking from a lot of Days
Brother I have to get out or else i wouldn't get out of my bed only
Hmm
You will have to get out kamine
How lazy can you be
 
laziness in One week also
Hey brother, Mother bet me today and sent me to bath today: Nice you are worthy of this brother in this matter i'm on aunt's side
Hahaha
tell more
tell that's all brother helping mummy at home
Ohhoh come home brother I made Gujia come eat 
Same here brother
Word to word
 
you eat it brother. sure brother make a little more
we too and what will you eat after that a lott
If Cuts cut then 
do hrami
    
hey brother why are you throwinging stink
Spread bro that also has special offer: Bad smell also for the Kallupura people 
Dog
Bastard haha
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness . May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
guide you towards the path of success . Happy Holi ! May god gift u all the colors of life , Colors of joy , Colors of happiness , Colors of friendship , Colors of luv and All other colors U want to paint in ur life . Happy holi . Wishing You And Your Family A Very Bright , Colourful And
Joyful Holi With Love And Best Wishes !
 
hi brother
yes ji
Man
How much did you pay for iPhone brother
??
Brother I got it for very cheap in Black Friday deal
For how much brother
Around 45000
still
It's in about 65k in India.
Will the deal come again Brother?
Hahaha
Next year
Yes maybe it will come on Jumai's anniversary . So maybe the sale can come.
Who has to take
Friend asked
Hmm
May be I heard next week the sale will come again .
How much will the mac book air cost brother
But not like black friday .
May be the discounts are less .
okay
MacBook Air pro .
Mac book air
Not Pro brother
http://695048
Check this out.
Brother air
How much is it in rupees
Brother I do not know.
I am not a real fanatic of Apple .
Just bought this phone as I got a good deal .
Okay Brother
Divided by 4
Okay Brother
And how are you
Naira is approx 45 against dollar .
okay cool.
Missing family . badly
There is a wedding today at home.
 
 
Come here
Whose Marriage: Brother?
hehe
Sister's marriage and I am not There
 
Bombay's Uncle's Daughter's
Good brother
When are you coming
I will land on 9th
Morning
me too but lets go early today and see :P
let me call her
it's light right now, i'll try attending one myself.
It's great if attendance gets marked.
I will come to the wedding tomorrow directly
I might not stay in the room tomorrow as well, can its booking be cancelled now?
Sorry , did not know until this morning that I wouldn't be able to come today
I was really trying to come
but if its possible and any other guest needs a room, give my room to anyone
So we will get a train ticket today.
Haha off course, I'm sure the carwill be useful to go to each other's houses
btw I was thinking I would go home first, and come to Venue in the evening
I can happily do research and continue the foreign interviews easily now
Keep kettle outside when you wake up
So have your brother's function some other day
See tickets will become so expensive that then you will not book them
You come here after making a permanent arrangement!
Imagine how many gujju from our college will be left sitting
Yes but the fridge is empty
There was so much noise in Goa that we were remembering Gokarna


I am doing timepass
Then she became a very good friend, used to call for dinner every day
Have gone for a walk in 0 degrees also
Last sem I was very interested in hostel cooking
What nice shakes and cold coffee can be made with that
I opened daddy's fb yesterday and put profile pic
by the way, keeping it in group is a good idea too.
Please put pictures of their side also
I have the recipe of what I made that day , Whose photo was sent .
So let's meet outside their home at around 11 oclock
Do it and tell what happens.
There is no plan right now, but will keep you posted.
There's so much work in weddings
Tell me how to take urgent medical leave?
You took it for your throat last sem ?
Send the comic con photos from your phone !
Just have to fill the basic details and click Next Next
And is there such a doc for placement / intern this year ?
Till last month, timepass was going on
I find it awesome that half of the people are living with the wing people !
Yes we all are going to study in your wing!
He hasn't been working on my previous paper so that's also left 
if you're using laptop then see what I've posted on the group !
Sometime i'll make you sit down and just tell me phrases and it'll be awesome
One of my subjects has end sem, and it has the most problems
Let's hope that major chunk gets finished.
Collect all the awesomeness.
The seniors were in another block, they thought juniors are bursting crackers, we will also burst them.
Another diwali was celebrated in the entire boys hostel.
And then the whole wing used to try to lift me.
Shit, I should tell my wingmates that they should learn how to lift me from you.
Later I emailed again, to give the internship again.
And once, just for your satisfaction watch some Turkey News
I don't think there specific issue regarding women
istanbul is safe in general if you dont go to places you're not supposed to ( which is true with most cities )
Everyone in the office speaks English so there is no tension
I'll refer by word of mouth and I'll send your resume along
But I do have to work at a startup sometime.
Do you have any idea about the company?
cliche dialogue in response to a cliche dialogue
I check whether money came or not four times a day
Like even though they're going good , They are not getting calls ?
So far the list of second set of ppl has not come
I dont really know how these things work but I thought of you when I saw this ..
I have ditched you twice, call me whenever you want to
Your office will also be Hyderabad, will it not?
I do not think its in our fate to meet before placements
Whoever has my LAN wire, please return it.
Those who had gotten the mess exemption last sem, either comment or ping your tricks
If hostel doesnt have electricity then come to lab :P
there is stale air for you here
If anybody has downloaded then reshare
Does anyone have any idea about topology's grades
Does anyone else have random sports equipment due ?
Those who did not get it signed talk to sir and come, there will be surprises
did you come to know who is the room mate? 
You will be missed, for the little things
There will be only 7 people for birthday's 12 oclock treat
Does anyone else sometimes think that we are studying in an art college?
Like the final answer should be workoutable 
I will tell in detail, in a while
By then the company will come on campus I think
It is not easy to create dataset .
But we will have to try, so lets see where this goes !
Hey check pm
we have already started , no ?
I am telling for helping out the rest
What're you guys working on now ?
I just drank a strawberry smoothie :D
Where did you get Strawberry Smoothie from?
I have blender so I used that to whip me up some breakfast :D
I wish any new movies would have come
hey , watch the old ones !
I watched masan yesterday, it was awesome.
before that i had seen drishyam
and then i watched talvar
I have to watch talvar since a long time
I cant reveal What its about , i might end up describing the movie : P
Watch talvar on Hotstar, for Free : D
What are so many trucks doing on the ground beside the hostel?
I saw them arrive, one after another, there were so many trucks
Any idea if they are making something ?
btw i joined gym yesterday :p
I hope you will enjoy in gym.
The trainer was a bit weird though, I am assuming that there will be a different experienced trainer 
New Girls Hostel is being constructed
That's why trucks are coming, I think
Where have you joined gym?
Its in indranagar , right above cafe cofee day .. 
She has taken the quarterly subscription directly in confidence
As in under the assumption that I will go to gym till this time
it will be great if you go continuously
You will become slim and trim : D
yes , working out feels super good also , by the way
it hasnt been 2 days and you are starting to feel good , nice !
That's what! It's been a day, but not 2 days.
I think she has been sleeping since then.
she is in nocturnal phase right now
TVF's new video has come, about dating apps.
I think it will be very interesting
ooh nice ! i hear season 2 of permanent roommates is also about to come ;D
Have you watched its trailer
It should be out on Valentine's day, it will become viral that day
Yes, watched the trailer only yesterday
didi uploaded almost all wedding photos ^_^
there's so many of dem !
it was soooooo awesome !!! 
( ok that wasnt mixed : P )
Haha that's okay a few pure language words are also okay :P
I think I'll add more people to this chat
Random things will keep on going
Wedding Photos r Lovely, My Friends and Family have also Liked : D
Add Tall Man also
Did you register for the seminar ?
I did register but now page says that we wont get attendance
What jokes these college people play
I'm quite worried that this sem there will be few seminars
srsly, this is not the way.
this is nt fair at all ! :/
Hopefully there will be some seminars later
Currently I dont see 5 happening
bhaisahab where have you two reached in your conversation
by the way talvar is a good movie
I cant believe that you read the whole chat
Make a few spell errors everyone
airlift was very awesome yaar ! 
made me proud of those indians there .. and relieved that I did not go to turkey : P
I am typo queen
In addition to spelling, I will make grammatical mistakes also
We are filling useless data for you
I will always be grateful to you people for all the help
the most important thing indian metal act needs to go forward is for people to buy their stuff and attend concerts
plus for books I think that for so much movie i give 150 rs to watch in hall
That doesnt give such rich and immersing experience that books give
im sorry i pinged you so late at night , did not think about it
for summer, she has taken
he has said that if i do well then he'll take me for my thesis also .
I am almost sure that she will say that this will break after playing for 5 times and all
I will always be grateful to you people for all the help
the most important thing indian metal act needs to go forward is for people to buy their stuff and attend concerts
plus for books I think that for so much movie i give 150 rs to watch in hall
That doesnt give such a rich and immersing experience that books give 
im sorry i pinged you so late at night , did not think about it
for summer, he has taken 
he has said that if i do well then he'll take me for my thesis also .
I am almost sure that she will say that this will break after playing for 5 times and all
Falling of heavy bricks will get you more points, so a smart person will put heavier bricks at the bottom
I am praying that something strange does not get announced on the mike about me .
Will you also have different material whose castle you will make ?
Because the donkeys, on the day of the flight, told that it is overbooked, come tomorrow 
I am checking the paper dude while I'm sitting.
That is why 1 tied seat was kept separately while Elections happened
Now if you get in here, then quietly do research.
I started getting hit dude when I was roaming with him !! 
Hey if you do his rules only, than you will fail.
So much time was spent in explaining Lambda calculus 
Quietly blast this paper, else you will get beaten. 
By tomorrow evening, hopefully enough portion will be done.
I was scared that the guard does not catch me, so I had to check whether he was in the room or not. 
you guys could have not stood against each other .
Maybe I was upset and not in the mood to talk to anyone
did you end up going to Exhibition ?
And how big a dataset do you want?
I went for 15 minutes
Sure , After the 9th deadline she is available
I wonder how she would be able to work in the office today
she was up all night because she had a flight
I can see how much effort you are putting to make this data set bigger
Obviously, hard work has to be done to get something!
Does anyone want something from US?
YES PLEASE bring CHOCOLATES HERSHEY COOKIES AND CREAM
I love that chocolate as much as I love Adele singing
Yes sure whatever you have written now
The code is mixed only.
So I realized this past week that it is very difficult to find Hershey's chocolate in Bangalore.
You are so good and smart ^_^
Yes , it's quite difficult in hyderabad , as well
Twix and toblerone are kept in bulk in pretty much every place . 
i forgot to ask , did you find hershey's in Karachi yesterday ?
No, somehow it wasn't there
They are kept near the bread
Your layover will be in Dubai .
You can bring alcohol many many .
No I was making a sentence in which there is Hindi and English.
A little proper dataset was created through small talk and nonsense.
Otherwise useless shit only must be filled in that .
I have got a strange cold.
Hyderabad getting cold in this weather is just extremely weird as shit
What is the meaning of strange cold?
Everyone make some spllng mistakes too
Hey, it's that thing where desert comes in one nostril and floods come in another nostril .
The airlift is getting started
In Forum mall, I am sitting on recliner seats .
For d 1st time
Have you paid 250 or else just taken the seat?
I am sitting on it for the 1st time , and I paid for it .
I'm having trouble typing in SMS language
alright , movie begins , c u l8er
Haha have fun in the movie
I'm starting to train on 1.1 lakh pairs
Then he would generate 1, 00, 000
English also should have normalization
The data will also be easy to work with
Whether someone else puts or not, you must submit one paper of yours, you need a full paper with your first author in it 
Lemme know when you are in the lab . 
please send whenever you have time
What is to be done for some thesis, or how much work is sufficient for this , etc ...
Yes , see for yourself too , that'd be a lot helpful
Now it is difficult to get back the papers from the cell, I will send it to you in the night
You were saying no , you have some pointers and all .
Going in the hotel, whose name should be taken for the room ?
Among the 26th and 27th events, no event is in the Open Air no ?
But the college ones almost all are from outside , so I have the booking for them .
What are you saying? I'm not sure >_>
i was waiting till last moment that if someone was going to Hyderabad with me, then I would have done that with him. 
So you can transfer his dues here if you wish .
it looks similar to the collection of all the tablets that paan wala has
And non-veg people liked their bacon macaroni
If you are up for it, then i might have a tiny gift for you
People eat and leave after the playy
Their happy hours are pretty awesome btw .
Ping him once , he should inform you about it better and yes , you might get company
The samosas of the canteen were good and the lemonade too
We can play Board games ...
I have pinged him separately
But it is a pretty cool feeling being on the guest list
So the people inside are anyways in the mood to eat and drink
Yeah, if I speak for myself, then it would anyways look awkward
I loved their music even though I had not heard anything till felicity .
I am in the mood because I know they're a great band .
I have to go tomorrow, and there is a presentation tomorrow too
See check the question leniently please
Highest will not exceed 24, because that's the bar set by sir
Maybe they have to finish checking till 17th
Do you think we can give it till the day after tomorrow ? >_>
I am looking for it on the programming club group but I cannot find that post.
If he does not come in a day or two, I'll call them.
So far my Amritapuri's team has not been confirmed.
I had done a little bit of graph theory .
I thought it was to be compared with sum
Do you want to do long papers or will short do ?
She is already doing for herself
Oh actually he had kept the papers shortlisted 
So has someone approached you already .. ? Otherwise I'm alone as of now .. !!
Which comes later, I will upload later
So, start collecting pics soon !!
We should start collecting the entries ..
You won't have onions right ??
Are you making sandwiches ?
Crying of the same old placement
Just in case I have missed telling you, I have burned my hand
i think research portal has to be filled
I woke up a while ago and remembered you wanted to wake up at 6 .
I did't sleep in the wait for your update
Just prepare nicely as much as possible .
I don't know I was transferring sim from my phone
I needed a chat masala then
There are some Indian companies in that where batch people are there
Yes, I made a little list that where all I can get referrals
I wanted to ask you whether you will live in your old room or would like to shift to another room.
Means, if one word is the last word of a sentence, then you shouldn't make a bigram of it and the first word of the next sentence .
Tomorrow class may not be there, ma'am is out of town.
From tomorrow, we will go running again please :/
Put on headphones , go to sleep while listening to good music
Well, I feel around 7 in the evening is a good time.
Hey like my comment, not his post!
I'll tell you after coming back if I come on time
haha , mereko also must be studying , because she was not in the mood to get up !
Do you want to eat sandwich now btw?
There are also different coupons for different shops
whatever ive ordered will come in the afternoon , who will pick it up then
So , okay , I don't need to get bread then right ?
i am just worried about my stuff , it's kept on 2nd floor in the store room
I had taken permission from Dean before coming
And why is it like this, can we not copy anything from anywhere?
I need to know , did you ever get to know both copied the same thing from some online resource
If you find him then bring him also if he wants
Well did you file this income tax return?
Even I got scared for a second ..
But I was banking on the fact that traffic would not be there
Sorry due to such laziness, we will have to run in the end
Now it is fun, let us just do the arrangement for getting out of college
Sorry man mentor has suddenly gone madder
Next year I will ask you only where all to apply ?
Mine ended long ago , so I haven't been looking out for any 
Do not take tension, in the end I'll come in the train 
One question there is a drama in the customs, that is why do you have a rough idea how much stuff can we carry ?
From here the closest office is 5.6 miles away .
By the way do you know the SSN office is very close to our housing
I saw her going , so I thought you would be with her .
Oh you said that you would come today , so I told him that you left .
Hmm good thing that parties have started now
There is no conflict in the course registration no ? 
Haha come on, get well soon, otherwise I'll finish the nachos 
I'll tell you when i can eat nachos again, bring after that only
So much excitement would have been there while packing itself XD
Heeheeeeee . Glad to know that someone is doing good work in the holidays
btw , tell your batch people to apply fast if they want to ..
Then we will get done with their interviews today only
Oh and next year there will be small small first yrs .
Talk a lot to them , okay ?
Hehe .. I had joined it with the inner side with red electric tape
Is there a trouble eating there?
Let me know if you need anything from the market
Is aunty making lunch today or tomorrow ?
Mom is going on Monday morning
And I was hoping that I would get some interviews  
Tomorrow I'll sit and apply for 50 more companies
Told to decide the meeting time
Now the paper and all is done now chill in the holidays :P
The plan to do booting that you remembered sitting on the bus
Now it is late anyways what only can come
So I was under the assumption that everyone is reading the chat
They have swapped amongst themselves maybe.
Do not be curious now ping through messenger sometime
I was asking you in case you have pinged her about it ...
Many people have not filled the questions docs .... put a reminder in all of them once !!
Specially once you've celebrated that you have gotten a job and all
And if it is not found, then they will rescind the offer ?
I had gotten my visa in March .
So what was the process of off-campus ...
Some people were asking ....
Just that you guys work very hard for the placement people.
You guys deserve thanks every time
Whoever registers on the portal, they will pick up everyone's resume . 
His code is torn ... will have to look properly
But I'm applying a lot off campus , and if in Jan I get some nice place outside then I'd be taking that up .
So I have to apply to companies because very few people get H1B .
For the London office, people were selected separately
I have a question - if we get campus placements then we have to accept them , is it ?
Its is not that much of an emergency ...
Do it comfortably ... after that you can talk ...
Ma'am, are you giving referral for internship now ?
I have mentioned people for Facebook, if you are saying this
Last year, we posted and asked all queries of this type on the group 
On monday, I'll interview with that company
Yes, in this post you can put one more .
I love the photo of haridwar .
but not so obviously that i'm using it
didi found a site that allows rakhi delivery to uae
Do you know how many toffees we can get for 27 dollars ?
Yes, I and he were guessing that he would be surely seen
They were telling things about the HCU thing also.
like i got delayed at script showing , after that I didn't come online
Very dangerous politics is going on in HCU
You are looking back in form
When we are about to board the bus, we will take it
Now look, how do you not have stuff to download
Otherwise, such movies are not very special
Hey he makes a fun expression
That is why a poster is put up in the room
How can one be indoctrinate in his own movement
But these two gifs have surely done brain damage
She keeps staring creepy expressionless like this
I suggest you guys watch Mastijade's trailer
They are not giving a house inside the sector
Please do not miss the marriage functions .
I have a suspicion about the biryani of the hotel here
Just let me know beforehand that where should I come from the airport
He was, there was a plan to bait him there and then rape him
let me go through the venue and timings , then I will tell you in some time .
Take a look, I'm assuming staying in the night would be fun .
I'm guessing the ceremonies of 26th morn would start around 10
Yes but I'll arrange beer for 26th night in the hotel room .
He was saying the interview went okay only
I don't have to take any courses , but should I give tuition fees for thesis creds ? 
Even if I am not getting out, then also I will have to register 12
Yes this year I will be getting out I assume .
Oh, what is its relation with spam?
So I thought of asking you how this fellow was added in  the first place
Yes, that is why the people have problems being on his student life group
But there are so many that making a choice is difficult
Yes, the French speak in a tone of flow
Means let us change the sounds very smoothly , so it sounds classy .
It's not like I can get any French girl to fall for me
Everyone falls for the French girls
In Regular delivery, they have two weeks or so .
Oh I was not aware of the comments on the top
Hey tell me one thing , does it make sense for me to stand from there ?
But well we will get together sometime and talk regarding this
and for all i care, I'll ensure such an issue does not happen, but what you did was natural
He didn't know about your status, so I told him :/
Honestly, I do not understand what to write
Now do not induce upon me by overemphasizing your successes
I did run , but ran from rain , not in rain technically , if intent ever matters
if you are on campus , go once ask updates
any updates what is happening of our project ?
He said no reply came except that ,
go sale who will talk to you who are you
where are you brother life
its 4 oclock. come now my brother :-(
brother its 4 where are you come fast
did not come friend
where are you brother
what happened brother
hello sallu brother, how are you brother, i am a big fan of yours brother :) 
its 4 oclock but brother has yet to come :) 
4:04 over
brother what is the social message in the movie tell us
who will we do bro you have a lot of fans
brother do you have work. we also have work in some time but plzz have to go for tution
veer ji i have come please start yo yo yo jai salman
hey you do wonders we are all waiting
brother what time
i am tired of standing and standing how much will you make us wait brother ?
brother where are you
i have considered you my best hero since my childhood. you have not replied or liked any of my comments till now. i am sad today. you are a very big hit. but now i am sad. you will remain my favroute hero but if you could give a like or comment it would be really good... thanku
just in the last 5 mints, 5000 comments and 10000 likes.. its just awesome
salman brother are you seeing how many fans are waiting for you... just say hello to everyone
sirji wont talk now
brother swear by bajrang bali please come
salman sir please come now its 4:02
where are you brother? come fast now
its 4 oclock but brother has not come yet
salman khan is busy in meeting he will come online tomorrow
its 4 oclock salman
brother please come to mathura sometime there are a lot of your fans here. please come here also fans will go crazy after seeing you
salman please come? 
where are you we have come
hmm. i have come for you salman :*:*
katrina is with ranvir. what are you doing. 
please talk i am waiting since when
hey sir today just for you i have gotten 4g internet pack. please come now. 
It's 4:02 sir
brother its 4 oclock but the party is still due
what happened brother..??
maybe you are busy.. no problem we understand. 
friend it has struck. reply? 
brother say at least
dabang 3 ? when
where are you brother..??
tell brother i have asked you 3question
i am waiting for you..
sir what has happened you please say something just call me once brother life 9018399840411
how will we do friend? on twitter or on fb? sum tell me
brother are you making a fool out of us
helloooo its been 6 mint above
is only your time valuable salman and not ours? 
where has sir gone
what happened now dont say we'll talk at 5
brother its 4 oclock in india
brother how are you
come now brother
hey where will we talk you should have told this at least
brother we will wait for you until we die
I'm surprised after scrolling comments
its 4 oclock sir
brother put 1 song from atif in every movie
sir bhajrangi bhaijan will be the best film in boollywodd. i wish
i am a fan of jacqueline with you
stop what brother
its 4 oclock. but party is still going. sallu brother. 
salu brother i believe that you will make me lift 
i didnt get kick
brother brother where are you
if i make a commitment once, then i dont even listen to myself
sir its 4.o6pm
on facebook today i think we will make a world record of the most comments
have waited for 3:30 since morning, now its 4pm also. please come now plz plz 
these are the tantrums of stars its not 4 yet for them
yes actully its 4.06 ..
Salam sucuk sosis salman
lets sleep. he will come on his own.
where have you disappeared? 
what happened sir?
hello brother life how are you i am a big fan of yours
salute brother jumma congratulations
the pride of bollywood our own brother
hello if you are not coming then at least dont make fools out of us
dont do like this.. plzzz
dont worry brother if you dont come it will still work\
brother how are you?
brother when are you doing a hollywood movie
brother what joke is this its 4.6
brother say hello at least
come on time sometimes salu brother
brother where are you. please talk. my daughter is a big fan of yours. 
he wont come he is busy in promotion. go to kapil's show on sunday. face to face. 
hi salman brother
its 4 oclock when will you come online
hey brother is sarfaraz he wont betray us
samir shaikh maybe brother was joking :-D
hello sallu brother
everyone say hahahah
i cant wait more please come :( 
brother come fast
everything what will happen
bajrangi bhaijaan all time blockbuster
its 4 brother
brother come where are you
salu brother you only reply to girls :p
hey salman khan is making a fool out of people here and people are becoming fools also, but i wont become one, do you understand bajrangi
brother how are you??!?
come brother your road, are you okay?
bro please talk its been 4:00 since long
he made fools out of everyone
ok will you talk to me on phone? or whatsapp? say fast.
Baby now its already 4.06 come waiting ..
brother you me a big fan please your number i dont know
i have not waited so much even for my GF
Hello...salman khan ....
ok sallu brother
brother where are you
but brother, what about your movie's shooting ?? prm rtn dn pyo!
hi salman brother. how are you
sir ji how are you?? we were waiting for your film for a long time... we will watch your film bajrangi bhaijaan for sure. WE LOVE YOU SALMAN Sir...
brother i am a big fan of yours please i dont know your number
i just want to ask that you are always surrounded by so many people and bodyguards, how will people like us meet you? please give answer. 
Hiii salman brother
i know brother life that your net has been ruined like always
hey what happened will you even tell us where you are
where are you brother. tell us something. how are you
hey my inbox has a msg from salman yahooo
come now sir its 4, we are waiting
where have you been sallu ji its 04:07
brother. how are you. i cannot wait any longer. 
brother i have been waiting for two days please comment now
you wont come
hy salman brother
take phone no from salman brother 
salman brother you are our favorite artist. we like you from our hearts but all our hearts wish to see you and meet you
i love you. i fill you. i think you and before dying i will meet you once for sure. i'm from bangladesh.
plzz slman reply for sure we all are waiting for you
everything is useless. no one is coming. salman is not coming.
you are late you didnt fulfill cometment
sallu brother where are you?
your PA team's watch has gone bad i think. its 4 oclock already
hm its raining so there will be network problems
salman khan is crazy
i think brother's watch is slow :-)
sir please come fast
hi salman sir where is your attention your fan is here #akki
where are you ... ji salman say something now
its jumme day, its about chatting, may god save me, from fake pages
brother life, come now
sir please give one reply.. i will go crazy from this happiness. pls sir, pls. i beg to you
brother please talk once
brother its time
what happened saloo brother
why are you feeling so shy
come now why are you being so late. i am waiting salmaan sir ji lpease when will you come online come come
i want to meet you
Bro, where are you? Come.
Bro, it's 4.10. Come soon.
Will I be able to talk to my brother or not?
It's 4.10
What's your favourite food?
Sallluuuuuuuuuuu, please come :'(
Bro, you are saying that you don't need muslims for Bajrangi Bhaijaan to be a hit.
You won't come, so we have to leave.
It's about to be evening time soon, weather is about to change.
4 indian standard timing menas 4.15? Hello bro?
Please come mr. Salman. Where are you?
Bro, you said 3.30 pm, then 4 pm. It is 4.10 pm now. This is not fair.
What happened, brother?
Bro, Where are you Salman khan?
Sir, it's not a good thing that you are joking with your fan.
Don't say anything to bro. We are a lot of fans here. That's why he is not coming. Anyway, how many people will he be talking to 
Salman sir, we want to meet you sir. Please, sir.
Sallu bro, please come.
It's been long since 4 pm, but where are you Bajrangi bhaijaan.
What bro! When are you coming?
Hello bro, how are you?
Please come bro
Also, how are you?
Salmannn, we are waiting here for you
Come now please.
Bro, don't make us wait during Roja Ramadan.
It's 4.10 now.
Will you not come brother?
Please come now sir.Please come.
I won't leave fb till you come here.
Bro, it's 4.11. When will you come?
What happened? Where are you? You are not fooling us, right?
Call everyone together.
Please help me, bro.
Bro, you have crossed the limit now.
Bro, we have been waiting for so long.
That's insane, Pandey sir. Such a long wait.
You are muslim. So, are you keeping rosa?
This is an old habit of Salman khan... Coming late. :P
Salman brother has to go to post office. I want to send you something. But I don't even know your address.
Bro, tell me something at least
Dabang, where are you?
Come, bro. Where are you?
I am a very big fan of yours.
Salman bro, I have told my gf that you will say hello to me. Please say hello ajay to me so that she won't lose respect for me. I beg you.
You betrayed us, brother.
Now I know, why the hero's entry is always in the last.
Pavan human...now, please come.
Bro, where are you?
Bro, now I can't wait anymore. I have been waiting since 3.30.
Are you okay? Are you building body and all?
To keep others waiting is not a good thing. Only crying is left now.
Bro, what are you doing.
Try, please. You can talk to me or anybody else.
Please, how can I see you from Pakistan?
During his naming, everybody was like Sallu what?
Where will we be talking?
Bro, where are you?
Bro must have been stuck in some other work.
Love you Sallu :*
Sallu brother, I am waiting for Bajrangi bhaijaan.
Bro, I won't accept your natural call also until you come.
Bro, please come.
Salman brother, you are the best.
Bro, is your watch running slow?
Hello sir, Salman sir, Why is it getting so late? Please reply quickly. Please I am waiting for your response.
Sallu bhai, tell me what are you doing?
Salman best of luck for Bajrangi bhaijaan. This time also it will break all the records.
It's 4.00 sir.
Please come soon, bro.
It's 4 but the party is still on, salman khan bro.
Salman bro will not come.
You will have to come.
Bro, I am your biggest fan in the whole world and I am from Jodhpur.
Who all will I answer to? Let's do a lucky draw.
How much more? 4...
Sir, I will meet you in private?
We have  given our hearts.
Don't release it before Eid, sir.
Love you, bye.
Brother, how much longer will you hide my sister-in-law? I want to see.
Sorry friends, bro can't come.
What has God given us all humans in the top floor? He has given us brains. Why?  To think. To have 2-4 gf on the side.
If you don't see the first show on first day of bro's movie, then what's this life for?
Bro, waiting for you :( :( :( :(
Bro, you are looking superb in the movie Bajrangi Bhaijaan. Always love us fans like this. That is enough for me. Love you bro.
Please accept me.
I want to send something to my bro. I don't even know your address.
Bro is not coming.
Why haven't you come till now, salman sir? Dying to talk to you.
3.30 to 4.00, then 4.00 to 4.30. Do you want to come or not?
I have become tired of reading the comments. Please come bro.
Hello bro, I am from Pakistan. Would you like to come to Pakistan for your movie Bajrangi Bhaijaan?
Hello, Sallu bro...
Bro, once with me.
I love you a lot.
When are you coming?
I didn't; t expect this from you, bro.
Salman bro, please call me once on 7048830072. Please bro. Please. After that, even if I die, then it's fine.
Sallu bro, is your watch slow?
Bro, please come.
My father lives in Bombay. He once asked you for helping a book cancer patient and you did help him.
Bro, you are killing your younger brother.
Bro, it's 4.13. Where are you?
Maybe he is busy. That's why he has not come. Bro will come for sure. Bro has committed to us, so he will come for sure.
Sallu has forgotten everything. He doesn't remember anything.
It's 4.
Bro, come soon. I have been waiting since morning.
Sallu bhai will come. For sure.
Salmaaaan...Bro...live long.
Watching Bajrangi bhaijaan.
Salman bro is busy right now in the shoots of Satara. So, next time fans.
4.13 now.
Brother, please talk to us once.
It's 4 sir...come please.
Hi bro, how are you? If you are reading my comment then please reply once.
Bro has said that he is busy...till 6.
Bro, I am waiting for your film.
Why are you following the satan?
Do a favour for me, that never ask me to get married.
Bro, you joke very well.
He must have an important work to do.
Friend, please come quickly. It's 4.14 now.
Let's all go back to our homes. No salman is coming here.
Is it the case that bro, you will directly give us the news that you were married some years ago and you have kept this as top secret?
Your every style is different, sir.
Bro, give me your number, salman bro.
5000 comments in 5 minutes.
Probably, for him to come himself is impossible.
First 3.30 and then 4.00, and now 15 minutes are over bro.
If it was that easy to talk to salman khan, then it would have happened by now. He is very busy. He can't talk to people like this.
That's insane Pandey ji, you call us and then you vanish.
I love you. You are my favourite star. Nobody is like you. Proud of you. I love you.
Sir, when is the sequel of Wanted coming. Sir, first tere naam, then wanted, then dabang and now Bajrangi bhaijaan is coming.
Sallu bro, come to patiala for your film promotions.
The most unique question, how do you feel after doing Bajrangi bhaijaan?
Bro, when will you come. I haven't eaten since two days. Please come.
Motherfucker salman khan, your mother is a prostitue. Asshole. Infidel.
Now, where have you vanished?
Goodbye, salman.
Lol bro, when will you come? I think the servers have crashed.
Sir, we are waiting for you. Please talk.
Are you feeling shy to talk to me in front of everybody?
Will you reply?
Bro, where are you...Are you with Kat?
Salman bro has not come online yet?
Hello bro, please reply to me once. Please. Hello bro, please reply to me once. Please. Hello bro, please reply to me once. Please. Hello bro, please reply to me once. Please.
Now he will come and after saying good evening and good bye, he will go.
Or he will crash Facebook.
Now, it is 4.15. Do you not want to come?
What bro? Were you also lying? It's 4.14 pm now and you have not replied yet bro. Don't do that. We trust you...every time.
Salman bro, where are you? It's 4.15 now.
You're insane Pandey ji. Where are you?
Bro, please come.
Come quickly bro please.
Salman bro, sultan's shooting is currently on.
Where will you talk?
That's insane.
I am dying to talk to bro.
Nadim Shaikh's mother will come.
Salman bro...I have heard you have a back problem...May god fix your health very soon. Amen.
Please please please reply once.
Bro, even shahid is married now. When will you get married?
Bro, where did you go?
Don't do this.
I thought you always say the truth and that you are very nice but that is not the case at all.
Bro, I am hungry. But I am not going to eat, I will wait for you.
Salman khan is not on Facebook. He said this in his interview.
Asshole, don't you value other people's time.
Hiiii Sallu bro, I am a big fan, Sallu bro. I am the one who sends a message on twitter everyday. I am a big fan, Sallu bro. Reply please.
Bro, please marry.
It's 4 now but the meeting is still due.
I think some admin is duping us all.
Do it soon, bro.
Salman bro, I am your big fan... I am from Pakistan. Please please please please reply me one time... please waiting.
The way you find hanuman in Bajrangi's heart, you will find salman in everybody's heart.
That's enough waiting. If you want to talk to me, then inbox me.
I love you bro...Haters, please don't send message...because bro is always right. Wish you best of luck, salman bro.
I think the world's biggest fan of Sallu bro is me. Bro's friend is my friend. Bro's enemy is my enemy.Bro's bro is my bro. Bro's sis is my sis. Bro's wife is my...sister-in-law. :D
Hi guys, I am Sallu. I have changed my appearance.
Bro, come.
Love you Sallu.
Bro, did you not go to shahid's wedding?
Hello :) I can't wait anymore. Please come fast.
I give my full respect to susila aunt that she gave birth a superstar like you in India. Salute susila aunty.
Okay, that's fine. If you don't want to come, then tell us at least.
Bro, when will you come to Bihar or Patna? Please reply.
Aye sister's brothers, nothing that belongs to Sallu bro is fake...understood?
This is a lie.
You made me sad.
Hello brother. What are your expectations with Bajrangi bhaijaan? In this movie, you worship hanuman. Do you do that in real life also?
What happened bro?
Now please come.
Bro, you three make a great couple.
Don't say that to bhai. He must be busy, he will come.
Now, it's just one thing. Please come to Kolkata quickly.
Hello sir, where are you? Talk to me please.
Sir, I was standing outside your apartment for 7 days from morning to evening just to see you, but I could not see you.
Do your sisters and brothers love each other?
If you didn't want to do it, then why did you say that.
Come please...come please...bajrangi bhaijaan, please come.
Atleast change the profile pic. It has been 2 years. We change ours in your name everyday.
Everyone is done with the part...now rest everyone...bro is sleeping.
Bro, come now.
Bro, give me your twitter account's password please :P :P :P :P :P
Sallu, it's 4 now. Please come.
I am confused. Will you talk if we go offline?
Bollywood love, Bollywood fitness player, Bollywood king, Bollywood god.
Please, I am waiting for your reply and will keep on waiting. Promise.
It's 4.19. Where are you bro?
Salman khan, where are you?
Pandey sir, where are you. We all are waiting for your welcome here.
What bro, did you find some hottie?
That's insane Sallu sir...a reply is well deserved.
Salman khan, asshole. When would you have come. Leave it. Lolz.
Salman bro, you might be busy. No problem. I have to prepare for Iftaari. May god bless you. Bye.
Today, nobody's getting a reply. Salman sir duped us.
When does salman come and when does he go? Nobody knows.
We have been here to welcome you since so long, but you only don't come.
Salman sir, I can wait for you for my whole life.
Please Bajrangi bhaijaan, one reply please. I live in Rewa city of m.p. You said that help others, it will make you happy. But, by helping, it makes me even sadder. What should I do bro? Please reply bro.
you said help others and you will get happiness. but i get sad when i help people what should i do brother??? plz reply brother
Bro... it's 4 now. Where are you?
Attention! I have a formula to call Salman bro...just give 51 rupees and talk to Sallu bro..Take sage's sweets ... only 51 rupees.
Is this Salman's real id or is this a fake one? Salman sir has enough time to come here and talk to us. I think it's fake.
Bro, I am warning you in advance that you reply to me for sure. :-)
Bro, I am warning you in advance that you reply to me for sure. :-) You only said that you read all the comments. You must have read this also. :-D
Bro, please come.
I also want to talk, but how?
Sir, can this poor guy also get a reply, please?
Now, how much will you make us wait?
Fuck you. Quick, or else?
It came. Bro's reply came.
Did you sleep or what?
What Sallu bro, you told us to talk but you are not replying to anyone.
Brother, your just one reply is very important to me, because I am your devotee.
Bro, are you sick? Why are you so quiet?
Sir, please reply to us...we have been watching you since so long.
You're insane, Pandey ji...how much will you make us wait?
Why are you lying, bro?
It's 4 but where are your, sir? :(
Bro, I really loved the songs of your movie Bajrangi bhaijaan.
I am a very big fan of yours...we love you bro.
Brother's back is aching. Doctors have told him to take some rest. Okay friends
It's 4 but the party is still on. Salman khan didn't even reply to anyone let alone chat.
Bro must be busy with some work. He will surely come.
Is it not 4 on your clock?
Sorry friends, Salman sir is a bit busy right now. He will be coming in 5 minutes.
If you didn't want to come, then
Sir, will you come to Kashmir again? Please reply.
I am on Facebook, not on twitter. Please come.
Idiot, this is not real Salman khan. :-)
Salman bhai, we've been waiting for you. What happened?Talk to me. I love you, Salman bro.
After making so many fans nervous, how can you sleep?
Repeating the same question again and again is not feeling good.
Now come please, brother.
Bro, for your answer, I have to go very back.
Sir, I can't see your reply. :(
Bro, love. Whenever you will come, I'll come. I will send request to you. I got the link.
Please come now sir. Keeping rosa doesn't need as much energy as waiting for you. Please come brother, please.
But, you are not telling only.
Bro, 1 reply. Hello.
Come now my love, :) :) Don't do such drama, :) :) Love you salman. :) :) Please come here soon :) :) :*
You're insane, salman sir. Do you plan on coming or not?
To get 17 inches biceps, what should I Do? Give me some tips.
Yes, it's all a lie. No salman khan is going to talk to us.
Sallu, it's a matter of phone number, sir. :P
Oh, I have waited too long. It's 4.23 sir.
What bro! Come bro, it's about to be evening, climate's changing, so why are we fighting? :P Where are you?
Brother, come please.
Salman sir, in one of your films, you should give the international rockstar Imran khan, a chance to sing.
Where do we chat, bro?
People, I have just heard the news that Salman khan said that his fans should not get sad. He is just coming.
Please, make my dream come true, bro.
Now, I don't have enough courage. Please start replying soon.
Sir, I am very poor...Please call me to yourself, please?
Salman khan.................................... Being human's Real face. Admin Aamir Ahmed.
Aye Salman sir, if I commit to something once, I don't even listen to myself. Isn't it?
Come home to meet sometime. Tell me the time.
Where did brother go?
Does everything from Pakistan reach there or not?
Bro, please talk to us once, we will get an achievement of talking to you then.
Waiting period is over.
Hello, salman khan.
Sir, can this poor guy get a reply please?
Bro, my phone is getting discharged. Only 26 % is remaining.
Sir, is somebody joking from your account?
Bro, come please. I have come to see you from a very far-off village.
You come or not, we will wait for you. You like or don't like, we love you beyond all boundaries, Salman sir.
Love you bro. For you, I can even die. Love you bro Sallu bro.
Why are you not replying?
Bro, love you bro. My birthday is on 28th July. Give me one wish. Please brother.
Salman bro, you didn't put your trailer on your page. The youtube one.
I know, you won't come. You fooled us all majorly today.
Is your watch not working? :'( :'(
Bro, don't break your fans' hearts. Come.
Come bro please.
You didn't agree with your commitment. Your dialogue is wrong.
Can you do mine also please? Can you fix my nephew, for god's sake.
Salman khan on instagram.
Add me also someone. Whoever will add me, salman khan will message him only.
Come bro, where are you so busy. We are waiting.
Now, 2 minutes. Yes, man.
Bro, it's been 27 minutes 1622 seconds. Please come.
Net pack is over. Recharge by paytm.
You are not messing with your fan, right?
Hi, it's 4.
It's not online yet.
New bro, favourite song. I will come in the night, I will comment, I will ask questions.
Sallu, call me just once, please.
Yo sir, it's time for my tuition. Please reply.
It's 4.30 pm now. Please come on fb now.
It's okay. You're busy at this time also.
Will someone tell me, who put this fake news?
Brother, it's 4.30 also now. When will you come? Bro, tomorrow, it's my birthday. Tomorrow's party will be from my side.
Bro, will you also come late like our country's ministers?
I love you sir. I really like you a lot sir.
Where have you gone, bro?
Bro come please.
How will Sallu sir talk?
Bro, if you won't come, then I will file a case against you in high court.
It seems bro will not come like this.
We are sitting here, leaving our respective jobs. Please come.
How's your back pain right now? I am tensed. Please tell us. Salman, you were saying that you will talk to us a t 4 pm but you are not replying to even a single comment. Please reply to this one. A request.
Where are you sir?
I wish God always keeps you happy and safe. Love you.
Hi Sallu sir.
Probably, you are busy. That's why you are not replying. Otherwise, you would have replied. But I will wait here, till you reply.
Salman bro, you should get married please.
Salman khan, I am a big fan of yours.
Sir, if you have said this much, then it's enough. :-)
I mean I am thinking that I should stay here till the end. Okay? So please reply once, please? I am your die hard fan bro, please.
Are you fooling us, bro :P You said that you will do a lucky draw and talk to us.
Bro, how do we talk. Somebody please tell that.
Hello, brother. Where are you?
It's time for roza also.
It's 4 but the party is still on.
Enough with your love, now please come, it's about to be evening.
Bro, where are you?
OMG salman bro, hello :)
I have not done modelling, but one day I will be a star of Bollywood.
It's 4 but the reply is still due.
Bro, when are you coming to Bhopal?
Please come now, Sallu.
Are you there or not? Are you there or not? <3
I told you people already that today, bro can't talk to anyone. His back is aching. Doctor has told him to take some rest. Okay friends.
What nonsense is this?
Bro come, otherwise I will tell Katrina ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)
Why didn't the reply come?
Sir please come. It's 4 pm now.
Bro, you didn't have another accident, right, that you haven't come yet. Now come sir.
Bro, bye. It's time for namaz. I am leaving. But bro, I have a small request from you. If you come to chat, then please don't forget me.
Is bro busy?
Salman bro, I think you said something.
You are bro or vanished?
Salman bro, you are really amazing.
Come. Reply me please.
One reply, bro please.
How much do we have to wait?
Please bro, come.
Where are you? It's 4.36 now. Will you come next year at 4 pm?
It's 4 but the reply is still due.
Bro, we all are waiting. Give us a time.
Bro must be tired after seeing so many comments. Bro is online right now.
Awesome, even if you a little more, even then you won't see salman bro.
Bro, hello. I am from Shimla. So hello, salman bro.
Sallu bro, please message me once personally. Bro, I have something special for you. WhatsApp 8083503086
It's been more than 1 hour now. There is no news of bro.
Hello salman sir. Me and my mother-father are bug fans of yours.
I don't know till when you will keep us waiting.
Where are you bro, everybody's bro.
He will never reply. Don't wait.
Hi bro, where are you?
I think Salman sir is taking a nap. Wake up salman bro. Wake up. Your fans have been waiting for you since so long.
I am waiting.
Next time I will wait for bro's commitment. Maybe he is too busy today because of jump. Love you bro. Bye.
Yes, you all should come to masjid, sometime.
Please, will you answer?
Bye bye bye
Did Bajrangi bhaijaan get kidnapped? We will only get to know on 12th July now.
Bro, it's 4.30 pm now. At least now please come online. How much will you make us wait?
Ohh, my Sallu
Bro, I am from Karnataka. I have come to Mumbai many times just to meet you, but I could not meet you that time. I have been coming to Mumbai since 11 years and I still haven't seen you. Please reply bro. Please I request you.
Hi, you should sometimes come to meet your fans. You should give us some surprises.
Bro, we are waiting. It's about to be 5.
One fake salman commented. I thought that was you, bro.
Hello, salman bro.
Everybody's brother, salman bro.
Salman bro, I am not just hyping you up. I promise your name is enough.
Hey salman bro, if you were not an actor, what would you have been?
He told us on tweet only.
Bro, please reply to everyone. Everyone loves you a lot. Everyone.
Yay! Bro has come.
Why are you disturbing everyone? Everyone is waiting for you since the last hour.
Forget everyone and talk to me please.
Sir, I am from Uttrakhand. Fans from here have to wait for you. Please come once to Nanital!
There are a lot of people who want to talk to you. Please don't break their hearts sir.
Bro, what's that matter that everyone is talking about here?
I really like one habit of yours. Helping others. Like you.
Hello Chulbul sir. Come soon. Everybody is waiting for you.
